Is $650-700 a week after taxes, health/dental insurance, and 401k deductions a decent salary?
Name your favorite film from these following ten actors?
Trump supporters, the great Colin Kaepernick Donates Final $10K, Completes Million Dollar Pledge to charities. What have you given?
Help me save money for a phone please!?
Is Rose McGowan considered a legendary actress or is that a stretch?
Word for a person who thinks they're right when they're wrong?
When it comes to people you disagree with politically, do you hate them as a person as well?
Are most politicians "just in it for themselves"?
Should america ban all immigration?
Can liberals at least admit that the economy is doing better under Trump and unemployment is down?
🍒 What's the most BORING movie you've ever seen?
Why do liberals want to pay more taxes?
What kind of people bully autistic people?
Is a homeless, jobless white man living on the streets privileged?
Does anyone find it at all wrong that Trump hosted a Super Bowl party?
Do you like being alone?
Is there anything wrong with wanting more money in one’s pockets?
Was TRUMP right when he said that if we voted for Clinton we'd be stuck with a criminal POTUS under constant FBI investigation from day one?
Why didn't the Untied States attack the Germans earlier in WW2?
My credit score sucks - 548. But I made $101,000 last year. Can I get a loan for a decent home?
How much would it cost to migrate the HTML website to WordPress site?
Are the American AP courses more rigorous than the UK A-Levels in STEM subjects or are they the same?
How much does a waiter on a cruise ship typically make annually?
Now that Philadelphia Eagles are Super Bowl Champs , should they go to the White House to see Trump or no?
Another deadly train crash why did Obama let American infastructure rot while sending billions to nations that burn our flag?
Creamy or crunchy peanut butter?
Which person is the best speaker: Barack Obama, Hillary Clinton, or Donald Trump?
How many millions of tax payer dollars have Democrats wasted on the phony Trump collusion investigation?
Which 1975 film is better: Jaws, or One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest?
What happens if I just don't pull over for the police?
Should I make the purchase or pay off debt?
What would a Civil War between republicans and democrats be like?
Which person told the most lies: Barack Obama, Bernie Sanders, Hillary Clinton, or Donald Trump?
Do you agree with President Trump? Should the United States of America have a non-interventionist foreign policy ???
Is Robert Rodriguez really an abusive, insecure jerk as described by Rose Mcgowan in her book?
Who else feels that the Democrats just might win the November elections?
How long until you can get finance again after paying debts?
Will Trump support Arthur Jones, Republican, for Congress in Illinois 3rd Congressional District?
On the big day of the championship game for the NFL, which do you prefer to watch and why?
Are Democrats mad that Trump won again?
Told I’d be fired if I called in to work?
Is it true that the white race is the most intelligent and creative of all Races?
Do you prefer grilled cheese, or pot roast?
BREAKING NEWS: The Trump stock market is crashing like it always crashes under Republicans, what are your thoughts?
For what reason should people who burn our flag not be detained, stripped of citizenship and givin 30 days to remove themselves from the US?
Poll: What’s the grossest part about the zoo?
What makes Donald Trump a good president?
Why Did the Patriots Lose?
Is Trump the first President to applaud for himself durng the State of the Union address?
Why do people think America means United States?
Should Donald John Trump Not be Not President?
Is legendary actress Rose McGowan annoying anyone else?
Why is there a place in Perth called "Cockburn"?
Can I afford a 380k house if i make around 135,000, and have a 790 credit score and little debt?
Do you believe in Karma?
I'm white, should I expect it to be easy to talk my way out of a traffic ticket?
Coworker comments on what I wear according to the weather?
Should Trump fire the entire FBI to prove his innocence?
Will you vote for Michelle Obama if he runs for president in 2020 ??
Why is it so hard for Libtards to believe there are Mexican-Trump-supporters out there?
Is there anything wrong with accepting unsolicited support of a foreign government?
What's your FAVORITE baked dessert?
Are some Republicans retiring because they don't want history books to label them as traitors who supported treasonous Trump?
Does Trump not care about the devastation a wall would create for wildlife on the border including over a dozen endangered species?
Why is it that most Americans don’t understand, when you raise taxes on corporations, prices go up?
Question for PRO-LIFERS: Should Abortion be a States' issue?
How come its mostly "male feminists" who are being accused of sexual misconduct?
Why would the Obama Intelligence not tell the FISA Court that the Dossier was not verified?
(Mathematicians) Which branch of mathematics did you find difficult?
Why does MGTOW exist?
Will Pres. Rump watch the Souper bowl?
Agree or Disagree..There are thousands of stars in the sky..because we were not all meant to wish on the same one?
After recent losses, the Dow is up 28.7 percent since Trump took office. First, that's good. Second, why do Dems intermittently insist...?
Is my potential landlord denying me because of my service dog?
Are there any cruise ships that offer alcohol included in your cruise package?
Do liberals really care that Donald Trump mocked John McCain on being captured in Vietnam?
Racist and NAZI wore thin and Russian spy and Russian Bot are getting tire too. What are the Liberals going to call us next ?
How many years will Obama have to serve in a federal prison if he is found guilty of the information in the documents POTUS Donald Trump?
Is it illegal to go house to house raising money that you say will go somewhere important (fundraising, etc), then keep the money yourself?
Democrats stand with Americans and the FBI, Republicans stand for Russians, how simple can the choice get?
Is a crime really worse when perpetrated against a woman or a child than a man?
How do I stop believing in God?
Are Humans responsible for animals extinction?
Does Trump Realize He Wouldn't Even Be President If It Wasnt For The FBI?
Is Mitch McConnell a good man?
How bad do things have to get in California before the voters realize that the Democrats are hurting the state not helping it?
Should Trump be impeached if the Patriots win the SuperBowl tonight?
Should americans be allowed to own weapons more powerful than a rifle?
Would you hug your parents?
Is it okay to have wet hair at a job interview?
Is the night sky the same throughout an entire town?
Does taking a lot of money out of your account at once affect your credit score?
Is this a good way to speed on the highway without getting a ticket?
Underground rappers to listen to?
Should Devin Nunez be indicted for treason for his attempt to cover up Russian meddling with US elections?
What are the supposed privileges given to males in the U.S. today?
Why do Republicans choose Russians over American Democrats?
Christians, my dad thinks Jesus was originally named Isa. Does this prove there was no Jesus?
Is high school a waste of time?
What happened to the nothing burger memo cons said was going to be bigger than Watergate last week?
Have you ever experienced Stress ?
Why do liberals shoot themselves in the foot by advocating higher income taxes, estate taxes, and corporate taxes?
How do we increase wealth?
Do you think the 5,500 people losing their jobs at Kleenex are celebrating Trump's "yuge tax cuts"?
Is it ok to sneak boys over to the family I am babysitting fors house?
Is it true that today's liberals are just like the National Socialist workers party of 1930's Germany?
Lost gift card but have the receipt?
Can liberals be racist?
Which beverage goes best with popcorn?
My Friend Dot Picks Up In Her Head BBC Broad Casts, And They Sent Her Into A Mental State, Why Cant She Sue The BBC.?
Went over my credit card limit. How bad is thus?
Should the father who acted out in court have been fined?
Is Obamacare proof that no matter how bad an entitlement is you can never get rid of it once it becomes law?
I thought America left Britain to not be involved in Britain's problems. So why did America get involved in two of Britain's largest wars?
How do I save money without a bank? I always spend my checks as soon as I get them. I’m 19, and make $520+ every Friday.?
Can I put clubs that I was never apart of on my resume?
Why is China copying military weapons designed by other countries?
I am a landlord. My rent to own tenant wants his girlfriend off the lease. What do you suggest? They have been in the house for 5 months.?
How can anyone look at this graph and argue that it shows no warming?
Do you like Rush Limbaugh?
Which side dish goes best with pizza in your opinion?
Is there any substance known to man that can travel faster than the speed of light?
How long until funeral takes place?
It's cold here today and I was trying to build a Snowman honouring your President Trump, but it was taking too long to hollow out the Head?
When will the NFL announce that Philly lost in the Electoral College?
What is America's best city?
When donating your clothes to places like Goodwill, do they sort through the clothes right in front of you?
What is like growing up Muslim?
Dog Potty Training?
Why won't Donald allow the Super Bowl to be shown in the White House?
Why do people prefer to read a 600 pg. book "fluffed up" with minor facts, details & lots or rambling instead of reading Wikipedia instead?
Do we have to pay back the car loan to the bank if we got $0 down on a car based on a good credit score and after finished paid the car off?
Is our public education too blame for negroes not being able to speak proper English?
Can someone live off of $50,000 if they are alone.?
🍒 What's the best fruit that is red 🍒?
Someone accused me of 'mansplaining'. What exactly does this mean?
What do you think of this Anti-Death Penalty argument?
What is your opinion of this segment from an article in The Atlantic?
Is the Nunes Memo nothing but a conspiracy theory? What purpose does it serve?
Is there such a thing as a perfect circle?
Does riding a motorcycle really make you a badass?
Has racism gotten worse since D Trump has been president?
Why hasn't anyone asked Hillary Clinton why she paid $10 million for Fake Russian dossier?
Will a male dog be able to have kids after being disexed for a few years?
James Comey was not allowed to investigate Hillary in 2016 election so why is Robert Mueller allowed to investigate Trump in 2020 election?
Does pinaepple belong on hamburgers?
How upset are you about the results of the Super Bowl or are you happy?
Based on the following true facts how can anyone say trump is making the military stronger?
Why do some people buy coffee from Starbucks or Dunkin Donuts everyday? Isn't it very expensive?
When did Trump receive his Purple Bonespur Award?
Are adopted children considered real children?
Can a teenager write a good book?
If humans are meant to eat meat then why do we cook and flavour it with plants to taste good?
Car insurance?
Is Trump the most childlike President we've ever had?
In today's world is a 26 year old an adult and a youth?
Reporting my place of employment to labor department?
Why is President Trump trying to take credit for Obama's economy?
Why is our society so divided?
So nice to have "the Super Bowl" over with, ("holidays" over with, MLK day over with and now "Super Dull" over with)? agree or not? why?
Fired from job that I started 4 weeks ago because I had to take the day off because my dad died?
What can I have on pancakes?
If Gender can be a social construct, can Age be a social construct too?
Has the United States of America ever had a more scholarly president than Donald Trump ??
Is the average lifespan of a brand new car about 100,000 miles when engine failure sets in?
Whats a fast way to get or be rich for teenagers?
Is the housing crisis proof of overpopulation?
Democrats: If DACA were allowed to stay in the US, but lost voting rights for life, would you still want them?
How come people that aren't American and have nothing to do with the US, complain about Trump?
Why does advocating gender equality and non discrimination make me an anti-feminist and misogynist in the eyes of feminists?
Do you tthink Nasa will really put humans on mars in the 2030s as they have planned?
Whats great about living in Australia?
Why do liberals think that communism is good?
How can I get my puppy to walk on a leash?
If this Con Man-in-Chief is such a big booster of everything American (MAGA) why does he keep marrying Slavic women?
What would you do if you saw someone smoking coke?
My sister died in December and my Mom is having a tough time. How do I help her to let it go and be happy again?
Are you getting PUMPED for the superbowl OR the olympics?
Do people realize how often conservative answers and questions just disappear on yahoo? Just to let people know?
How to watch super bowl 2018 without cable!!?
Is it okay to let my daughter have sex at 16?
Why do feminist get angry when it's mentioned that it's best for a man and wife to raise a family?
Does Vladimir Putin have Trump by the pvssy? Why can't Trump get himself to criticize him?
Why is POTUS donald trump and Jared Kushner looking for investors from abroad rather than those closer to home to save the family business?
Call me crazy as a damm loony bird, but shouldn't Hillary be in prison by now?
In the old days, before the invention of toilet paper, did people in the West really wipe their butts with their hands?!?
Whats the point of being born if all we're going to do is suffer in life?
How much money will Trump save on his taxes under his new law?
How will Robert Mueller investigation affect the midterm election in November?
Liberals are sinking this boat with their excessive White guilt. I say we should deport them along with the ilegal immigrants?
Do women share equal rights and privileges with men in the U.S.?
Has D J Trump crossed a line by criticising the NHS?
Why do liberals always play the victim card and call anyone that disagrees with them a "bigot"?
Now that the stock market has plunged 1000 points, is Trump to blame or does he only get praise for the good stuff?
Is it normal to lose 5 pounds in 1 week?
Are parents like these normal?
How can a illigal immigrant live in the usa for 30 years and not be legal?
Nixon said the Watergate investigation should stop after a year, Benghazi went on for years, so why should we stop Russia investigation now?
CONS: How exactly is CNN more full of sh**t and "fake news" as corporate FOX News? How is FOX anymore honest?
If Mueller's investigation points not only to Trump but directly to Hillary and pursuing it costs another $20 million, should we fund that?
Why do most children raised in single motherhood households grow up to be such failures in life?
Website pictures copyright infringement but from another country?
Why do far right republicans tell me to get out of the US for criticizing Trump?
Always drained by 5 pm?
Do you think its possible to have a $40,000 house custom made if I ask a real estate agent? or do they only build more expensive houses?
Liberals: Do you want me to pay more taxes than you as a CEO, when I worked two times harder than you to get here?
Why do white antifa members exist?
If you get fired for not showing up at work what happens if you sue?
Would you take the life of someone you love if they asked you to end their excruciating pain?
Will Trump cancle the 2020 election and declare himself king?
In what way did the Nunes memo reveal a scandal worse than Watergate? Didn't Trump say it would?
Is Trump even more corrupt than Nixon?
Is Devin Nunes now worse than Donald Trump?
My elderly dog urinated on her bed and coughs constantly , is this a sign that I should start considering putting her down?
What is the answer to this Maths q.?
Would emancipation be a good option for me?
Why do you vote when it's essentially forcing your will onto other people through the government?
My lack of confidence is ruining my life and my work prospects, help?
Who do you think will win the super bowl?
Is $60,000 a year good for a 24 year old?
The US has the most homeless and those in poverty ever in history. Who do you blame for the ever increasing poor?
My child is frightened the FBI can illegally obtain a FISA Warrant against him and try to Ruin His Career someday...what should I do?
Agree or Disagree? the memo POTUS Donald Trump declassified proves that he deserved to win the Presidential election for 2 reason?
Why are Republicans, once the party of “law and order,” suddenly no longer interested in the rule of law now that Trump is in office?
What do you put in your Tuna or Egg Salad??
Was The Super Bowl Rigged????
Have climate change predictions been right or wrong so far?
Are Cons boycotting the Superbowl and eagerly awaiting the XFL championship?
Liberals: Did you know that if Trump gets impeached that Mike Pence will immediately become President?
Why do Democrats seem like the "bad guys" and Republicans seem like the "good guys"?
If someone has the password to your online bank account can they take out money?
Why did a lot of people believe that Y2K was actually going to happen?
Why does a rich person get to keep their money and keep the poor down?
Are Donald and Melania the perfect love couple?
What is the best dessert to put whipped cream on top of?
I have many moles in my body does this means I’m gonna get cancer someday?
Why do Americans do this?
Will Susan Rice be jailed for spying on Trump?
Why do Authors keep writing when there's already too many books in the world?
Liverpool fans, how did you feel when the second penalty was awarded?
All this Trump & Putin being BFF's and how many times have they even met? Like 4? 3? Do Trump-o-phobes really have absolutely nothing?
Would having a cup of coffee a day be considered an addiction?
Does America need a Trump Dynasty?
Would you allow your 17 year old daughter to go live on a college campus that is 2 hours away from your house?
Are you comfortable with the Democrat Party using the power of government to spy on private citizens that they disagree with?
Has Trump's presidency positively affected your life so far? If so, how?
How do Liberals not see that anthem kneeling is disrespectful?
If gays plan to force Christian bakers to provide wedding cakes against their will....?
Isn't Israel is such an evil country that you wish the Holocaust had been successful?
What music did people listen on the radio before rock music?
I'm looking for a job, and all the jobs I'm finding they're tiring. Isn't there a job where you sit on a chair and the work comes to you?
Is Palestine mention in the Bible?
What is your all time favourite horror remake？
Do you believe that the Nunes memo vindicates Trump?
Do I have grounds to sue this computer shop?
Scientifically Can their be life after death?
Politically, is it impossible for the average person to make themselves a millionaire in a lifetime?
Am I normal?
Trumps tweeted "The Memo totally vindicates Trump!" Does Trump know what "vindicates" means?
What would you do if the world started to end?
Is it possible to speak 4 languages?
Suggest some movie's that are very long..?
Why do we have to compete with eachother rather than cooperate with eachother?
Christians, how can we stop universal healthcare?
Why do people in America or Canada send their grandparents to nursing homes?
Instead of affirmative action, why do we not stamp out racism where it may exist?
What do you assume is at the other side of a black hole?
What's wrong with the FBI having a political bias in favor of Democrats?
Where to exchange coins for cash?
Will the govt ever release the truth about the Roswell crash?
What do you think of these names?
Is Trump right to hate the FBI? After what Edgar Hoover turned it into, whether you agree w Trump or not, is he wise to not trust them?
What is your opinion about vacuum cleaners?
Is immigrating to Norway difficult?
What happens if the front tire of a car is popped somehow while the car is going over 70+ mph?
What's with The Left and their obsession with nudity?
Do beta males deserve to be rejected for not trying to become an alpha male?
What is the one song is Best from Led Zeppelin ?
Why do Japanese girls act all cute?
Since the former Leader of the American Nazi party is running for the GOP in Illinois is any reason, ANY REASON AT ALL to complain?
How to decode the cryptic language sometimes spoken here?
If obesity is genetic, why there are almost no fat people in photographs from 19th century up to nineteen sixties?
Have you ever tried really hard to listen to someone but no matter what your mind still wandered?
Why are Trump supporters ignoring the fact the Nunes memo clearly stated renewals requires a separate finding of probable cause?
Should there be laws requiring US media to have labels "Read with discretion Fake News is foreign run & harmful to the stability of the US"?
My friend is selling a 2004 Chevy Impala , 280,000 miles. Is it worth it?
Survey: What TV game show was or is your favorite? With which host?
I forgot to end my ATM transaction..help?
Why are liberals so upset that wages are rising and the economy just added 200,000 jobs in the month of January?
Zax or Zee?
How is Donald Trump racist?
Why do Liberals not realize the Right side will inevitably win, no matter what?
If the Snowflakes in our nation's colleges are our future leaders, is it safe to say the future of this country does not look good?
Can i start eating normally after 14 day fast?
What to look for when buying a puppy?
Is it pretty bad that I spent $926 on food?
Should America elect a King or a Queen instead of a President?
How powerful are the resistance armies that are opposing trump?
Do Leftist men abuse their boyfriends?
Age 69, retired between social security and a pension I earn less than $18,000. Do I have to file?
Is it illegal to "get dirt on" a political opponent if that dirt comes from a foreigner?
Can you damage your car engine by changing the oil at every 3,000 miles?
Should Donald Trump be in every Super Bowl TV commercial?
Is Trump Going To Take Credit For The Dow Losing Over 1000 Points This Week?
The death penalty should only be conducted only and only if there are no margin for error - agree or disagree?
What do you miss most about Obama?
What kind of punishment will Obama & Hillary get if or when they are convicted of repeating Richard Nixon's Watergate scandal?
Is my neighbor a drug dealer or a white collar criminal of some sorts.?
Deregulation CAUSED the crash in 2008 and now Republicans are credting deregulation for the recovery?
Has anyone ever decided to move to another home not long after signing a new lease?
MSNBC's Donny Deutsch told viewers "Trump is a dictator" and they should "start a violent revolution and overthrow him"- Is that illegal?
What weather site should I check?
Am I allowed to record someone giving consent to sex?
Is Yahoo Answers Politics an example of the swamp Trump was referring to?
Cream or The Jimi Hendrix Experince? And why?
What's the correct way of responding when someone says "thank you"?
What color were Indians?
Why are people in the International Space Station weightless?
Can a homeowner build a brick wall on a deadend easement/sidewalk that is not on their property?
How do I convince my dad that maybe the dossier is not 100 percent fake?
What is the best type of fish to eat ?
Trump's approval rating up to 49 percent. Are Dems mad that he will be reelected?
Why do people hate philosophy?
Would Trump's motto be "Make America White again" instead of "Great again" in your Opinion ?
Which would you enjoy more-- making $200,000 by working hard for it (aka Earning it), OR just inheriting $200,000?
If You Were Stranded On A Desert Island And Could Only Have 5 Classic Rock Albums To Listen 2 Which Would You Choose?
The whole Mueller investigation is based on lies paid for by Hillary Clinton.?
Should Mueller be investigated and prosecuted by a second special counsel?
Relationship question about Fiance?
Do landlords raise their rents to be what current market rates are?
Is the Potus evidence that you can fool enough of the people some of the time?
Could I fake being 21 for Uber?
My daughter claimed herself on her taxes. I am now doing my taxes. Is there paperwork that needs to be filed to correct this?
Which city do you prefer LA or NYC?
Tom Brady vs Joe Montana vs Terry Bradshaw?
Suggest some movie which is longer than 3 hours or 4 hours?
Why is my generation so dumb?
Why is Trump so practiced in the language and customs of fascism?
What would Earth be like if the sun was blue?
I hate my new carpet colour - what can I do?
Why do my eyes look tiny and ugly with high script lenses?
Why do men think we can't have gender equality with these?
When the Inspector General reports that he found no corruption at the FBI, will cons label him the enemy, too?
Can you outgrow a friendship?
How long has this been going on?
Is world peace achievable?
Who else cant wait until we get to breakout our red Make America Great Again hats and beat the liberals again in 2020?
I what do u think bout California banning plastic straws?
Last night I got a Ticket for speeding the wrong way on the highway, while drunk and stoned wearing a Speedo and Sunglasses?
Can a franchise sue me if...?
Is a bad memory a learning disability?
Do we need to fear the singularity? How long until it will occur?
If a person buys property that spans across two counties, will they have to pay county taxes twice?
Do you have a good understanding...or are you a religious Christian?
Are all people who deny alpha and beta male system alpha males themselves?
My friends Pit Bull attacked one of his owners and their cousin. Should they get rid of it?
If a king and queen have fraternal twins one boy, one girl then who becomes the next heir to the throne?
How many times a day do you shower?
Is the Violence Against Women Act gender neutral?
President Trump's approval rating jumps to FORTY-NINE PERCENT. How did that come about ?
Is 3 dogs too many for a single person?
Why did Nancy Pelosi praise Obama for getting taxpayers $40 back, but continue to call $1000 "crumbs"?
Guns make society safer. Criminals don't rob gunshops for a reason. Because the people at the gunshops have guns. This makes them safe?
Why did trump pardon criminals sheriff arpiago? Politically?
What happens if nasa brings water to mars?
Democrats ! Can you dispute any single fact reported in the Nunes memo?
Did bush do 9/11?
Is a learning disability an intellectual disability?
Why do feminist hate attractive females so much to the point they attack their modeling jobs?
Trump is attacking Fbi and DOJ Leadership, all people he nominated, is he lashing out because Mueller will bring charges?
Do Citizens and Legal Aliens and Immigrants still have rights or is it only the illegal aliens the U.S. protects, now?
If we deported the liberals to Mexico, would Mexico take them or would they kick them out as ilegal immigrants?
Alexya/Alexia or Jessica?
Do you think that people with criminal records should be forever stigmatized and barred from doing certain kinds of work?
Since Cons are in charge of the Federal Government, why hasn’t the administration started legal proceedings against the Clinton campaign?
Will President Trump be able to make the FBI great again, and do it soon?
Why do libtards think I should have ANY sympathy for a woman who was born here illegally and has a job?
Do you think it's bad to be a half liberal half conservative?
Spelling suggestions for this name?
Why are Republicans having trouble fundraising for 2018, Trump supporters have an extra dollar and change according to Speaker Ryan?
How much were your taxes cut this year? the average so far is about a dollar for the entire year?
People that get 175 years in prison or 5 life sentences, what’s the point of sentencing people over a lifetime?
Why are liberals opposed to absolute american dominance of the entire globe?
I guess Trump isn't so great for the stock market after all, huh?
Why can't black people come up with their own sports and stop playing white sports like basketball and football?
Why do libs think 'intelligence' is something you can learn in school?
People depend on Nature as much as nature depends on people?
How do I explain to my 10 year old daughter that our dog will be euthanized soon?
White people riot after Superbowl loss,no one mentions them as thugs?
Do you think Tom Brady will retire this year if he wins?
If you have to go to jail could you bring your laptop?
Have you ever swore at or hit a teacher?
How much money are average Americans keeping in their paychecks because of the massive tax cuts?
If you are in prison can you write a letter?
Is nick foles a hall of famer?
Anyone else hate millennials and think they are the most worthless generation ever?
Democrats are in a Fundraising Funk. What happened?
Philadelphia Is About To Burn To The Ground, How Should Its Citizens Try To Survive This Calamity?
Should NASA make official light weight rosaries for astronauts to pray on in space?
Would you allow your 17 year old daughter to go live on a college campus that is 2 hours away from your house?
Are you comfortable with the Democrat Party using the power of government to spy on private citizens that they disagree with?
Has Trump's presidency positively affected your life so far? If so, how?
Is the bible evidence of god? Is the quran evidence of god? is the torah evidence of god? Are the sruti evidence of god?
How do Liberals not see that anthem kneeling is disrespectful?
What makes you happy?
Insecure about the size of my penis for 21 year old male?
Isn't Israel is such an evil country that you wish the Holocaust had been successful?
Have you visited the Kan Ham Ark museum?
How can the quran be from God?
What music did people listen on the radio before rock music?
I'm looking for a job, and all the jobs I'm finding they're tiring. Isn't there a job where you sit on a chair and the work comes to you?
Is Palestine mention in the Bible?
What is your all time favourite horror remake？
Do you believe that the Nunes memo vindicates Trump?
Do I have grounds to sue this computer shop?
Scientifically Can their be life after death?
Why are random people worshipping Lord Krishna?
Am I normal?
Trumps tweeted "The Memo totally vindicates Trump!" Does Trump know what "vindicates" means?
What would you do if the world started to end?
Why does God have no power over atheists?
Is it possible to speak 4 languages?
Is Spider-Man from devil?
What would your life be like if you had a time machine?
Suggest some movie's that are very long..?
Why do we have to compete with eachother rather than cooperate with eachother?
Christians, how can we stop universal healthcare?
Why do people in America or Canada send their grandparents to nursing homes?
Instead of affirmative action, why do we not stamp out racism where it may exist?
Why Jesus appointed just The Twelve Apostles, when He has tons of followers?
Do you generally fit into society?
Hello,Im 14 and Im in an arranged marriage(My fiancé is 17).I want to know if Ill ever learn to love him..or the best way to run away?
What do you assume is at the other side of a black hole?
What's wrong with the FBI having a political bias in favor of Democrats?
How is this age gap in a relationship?
Am I allowed to record someone giving consent to sex?
Christians, How do you deal with difficult people in your life?
Why does the Bible and Christianity continue to endure year after year after year?
Where to exchange coins for cash?
True/false. The worst think in life would be to end up with people who make you feel alone.?
If the Bible is correct, that we are all decended from Adam and Eve (and, I suppose Noah and Mrs. Noah), then who was the first atheist?
Will the govt ever release the truth about the Roswell crash?
Is 5'8 short for a guy?
What do you think of these names?
Do atheists believe in the supernatural or are all atheist different and hold several different opinions possibly distant from one another?
Is Trump right to hate the FBI? After what Edgar Hoover turned it into, whether you agree w Trump or not, is he wise to not trust them?
Why do atheists say God have no morels?
Why do meteors only land on craters?
What is your opinion about vacuum cleaners?
Is immigrating to Norway difficult?
I’m a Christian girl and I’m attracted to both men and women. Do I still have a chance to make it into heaven?
What's with The Left and their obsession with nudity?
Do beta males deserve to be rejected for not trying to become an alpha male?
What is the one song is Best from Led Zeppelin ?
Why do Japanese girls act all cute?
Since the former Leader of the American Nazi party is running for the GOP in Illinois is any reason, ANY REASON AT ALL to complain?
How to decode the cryptic language sometimes spoken here?
If obesity is genetic, why there are almost no fat people in photographs from 19th century up to nineteen sixties?
Have you ever tried really hard to listen to someone but no matter what your mind still wandered?
Why are Trump supporters ignoring the fact the Nunes memo clearly stated renewals requires a separate finding of probable cause?
Should there be laws requiring US media to have labels "Read with discretion Fake News is foreign run & harmful to the stability of the US"?
My friend is selling a 2004 Chevy Impala , 280,000 miles. Is it worth it?
Why did God allow gay nightclub shooting in Orlando last year?
Survey: What TV game show was or is your favorite? With which host?
I forgot to end my ATM transaction..help?
Why are liberals so upset that wages are rising and the economy just added 200,000 jobs in the month of January?
Are flesh like all of us humans sinned?
Zax or Zee?
Atheist only if Christians were suddenly given authority over you to punish you in any way that they wanted to legally read details?
How is Donald Trump racist?
Why do Liberals not realize the Right side will inevitably win, no matter what?
If the Snowflakes in our nation's colleges are our future leaders, is it safe to say the future of this country does not look good?
If "No one comes to the Father except through Me" how is that not putting a god before Yahweh, something Christians are forbidden to do?
Can i start eating normally after 14 day fast?
What to look for when buying a puppy?
My boyfriend of 8 years told me he is not responsible to visit me everytime I ask him to. Has stopped talking to me. What should I do?
What is something that makes you smile?
Is it pretty bad that I spent $926 on food?
Should America elect a King or a Queen instead of a President?
How powerful are the resistance armies that are opposing trump?
Is the catholic faith biblical?
Do Leftist men abuse their boyfriends?
Age 69, retired between social security and a pension I earn less than $18,000. Do I have to file?
Is it illegal to "get dirt on" a political opponent if that dirt comes from a foreigner?
Was Jesus crucified on Friday and he resurrected on Sunday?
Whose idea was it to create the Bible?
Agree or disagree: the more friends that a person has, the better?
Agree or disagree: the more friends that a person has, the better?
Can you damage your car engine by changing the oil at every 3,000 miles?
When Jesus said, "No person comes to the Father(God) except through me", didn't he make clear there is only one way to heaven?
Christian creationists, why Is evolution wrong?
Should Donald Trump be in every Super Bowl TV commercial?
Why do people get thumbs up when they say they are Christians but I get thumbs down if I Rachael say I’m Christian?
Is Trump Going To Take Credit For The Dow Losing Over 1000 Points This Week?
The death penalty should only be conducted only and only if there are no margin for error - agree or disagree?
What do you miss most about Obama?
In regards to gay marriage, why do the cons here always bring up penis cakes when that wasnt what the court case was about?
What kind of punishment will Obama & Hillary get if or when they are convicted of repeating Richard Nixon's Watergate scandal?
Is my neighbor a drug dealer or a white collar criminal of some sorts.?
Deregulation CAUSED the crash in 2008 and now Republicans are credting deregulation for the recovery?
Why was this answer a violation of the community guidelines?
Has anyone ever decided to move to another home not long after signing a new lease?
Do you think it's best to be average looking because no one bothers you that way?
MSNBC's Donny Deutsch told viewers "Trump is a dictator" and they should "start a violent revolution and overthrow him"- Is that illegal?
What weather site should I check?
What is the best way to deal with anti gay Christians?
Is Yahoo Answers Politics an example of the swamp Trump was referring to?
Cream or The Jimi Hendrix Experince? And why?
Will the usa supplied missile that just shot down a russian aircraft over syria start world war 3?
How come people on the dole can afford cider etc but not sanitary products?
What color were Indians?
Do you love a snow covered landscape?
Why are people in the International Space Station weightless?
Can a homeowner build a brick wall on a deadend easement/sidewalk that is not on their property?
How do I convince my dad that maybe the dossier is not 100 percent fake?
Are any of the kings mentioned in the bible mentioned in any known nonbiblical documents from surrounding nations?
What is the best type of fish to eat ?
Trump's approval rating up to 49 percent. Are Dems mad that he will be reelected?
If you ask intelligent questions, do you get more intelligent?
Some people get hungry when they smell burgers cooking, do vegans get hungry when they smell a lawn being mowed?
Why do people hate philosophy?
Would Trump's motto be "Make America White again" instead of "Great again" in your Opinion ?
Don't you think tv only shows positive things? what about negative things?
Which would you enjoy more-- making $200,000 by working hard for it (aka Earning it), OR just inheriting $200,000?
If You Were Stranded On A Desert Island And Could Only Have 5 Classic Rock Albums To Listen 2 Which Would You Choose?
Do you believe that your denomination is the one true Christianity, and the Christianity is the one true faith?
Why did Jesus worship only the Father and why should we not follow in his footsteps?
Is it bad to only shower twice a week?
Is it possible to be a Christian thief? Is it possible to be a Christian homosexual? Why or why not?
The whole Mueller investigation is based on lies paid for by Hillary Clinton.?
Should Mueller be investigated and prosecuted by a second special counsel?
Relationship question about Fiance?
Do landlords raise their rents to be what current market rates are?
Is the Potus evidence that you can fool enough of the people some of the time?
I'm afraid of having a failed marriage. What advice can you give me?
Could I fake being 21 for Uber?
Why do Christians put so much into this world and accept its desires if it belongs to Satan?
My daughter claimed herself on her taxes. I am now doing my taxes. Is there paperwork that needs to be filed to correct this?
Which city do you prefer LA or NYC?
Spouse keeps threatening this?
Tom Brady vs Joe Montana vs Terry Bradshaw?
Suggest some movie which is longer than 3 hours or 4 hours?
Why is my generation so dumb?
Why is Trump so practiced in the language and customs of fascism?
Do you even like your coffee maker?
If you have to go to jail could you bring your laptop?
What would Earth be like if the sun was blue?
Christians what do you think would have happened if Adam and Eve would have admitted their sin see details?
I hate my new carpet colour - what can I do?
Why do my eyes look tiny and ugly with high script lenses?
Why do men think we can't have gender equality with these?
Why don't fat people just stop eating and go on a medically supervised fast where their body burns all of their stored fat?
When the Inspector General reports that he found no corruption at the FBI, will cons label him the enemy, too?
Can you outgrow a friendship?
Where do I get the best disc sander?
How long has this been going on?
Is world peace achievable?
Who else cant wait until we get to breakout our red Make America Great Again hats and beat the liberals again in 2020?
Are ribs superbowl food?
Are you ready for Poodle Workout?
Where IN THE GOSPELS did Jesus teach anything other than Judaism based on love not legalism? Where IN THE GOSPELS did he teach Christianity?
Christians, if someone hit their mom & dad should be put to death?
If it intuitively seems like everything was created by some higher being, does that mean it definitely was?
I what do u think bout California banning plastic straws?
Joint account?
We can't change the past the past is gone? The future hasn't happened yet? So live in the present? Christians and others?
Last night I got a Ticket for speeding the wrong way on the highway, while drunk and stoned wearing a Speedo and Sunglasses?
Does predestination solve the assumption of the problem of evil?
Can a franchise sue me if...?
Has anyone read The End of Christianity by J. Loftus? Is it worth reading?
Is a bad memory a learning disability?
Do we need to fear the singularity? How long until it will occur?
If a person buys property that spans across two counties, will they have to pay county taxes twice?
What do you think of people that love everyone and everything?
Is stoning people to death a Christian idea or is it Judaism?
Why do people think Christianity is a religion?
Is it good idea to invest all your savings in oil companies.?
Do you have a good understanding...or are you a religious Christian?
Acceptable for Christians to use profanity: OK?
Are all people who deny alpha and beta male system alpha males themselves?
Why is R&S crawling with atheists preaching at believers that there is no God - why do they care so much?
My friends Pit Bull attacked one of his owners and their cousin. Should they get rid of it?
If a king and queen have fraternal twins one boy, one girl then who becomes the next heir to the throne?
How many times a day do you shower?
Is the Violence Against Women Act gender neutral?
President Trump's approval rating jumps to FORTY-NINE PERCENT. How did that come about ?
Is having sex with 17 guys at 18 a lot?
Is 3 dogs too many for a single person?
Do you lose points if you answer a question and that question gets removed?
Why did Nancy Pelosi praise Obama for getting taxpayers $40 back, but continue to call $1000 "crumbs"?
Guns make society safer. Criminals don't rob gunshops for a reason. Because the people at the gunshops have guns. This makes them safe?
Colouring with crayons or interpretive dancing alone?
Why did trump pardon criminals sheriff arpiago? Politically?
What happens if nasa brings water to mars?
Democrats ! Can you dispute any single fact reported in the Nunes memo?
Are atheists brave for going against God, or just very naive?
Did bush do 9/11?
Is a learning disability an intellectual disability?
Why do feminist hate attractive females so much to the point they attack their modeling jobs?
Trump is attacking Fbi and DOJ Leadership, all people he nominated, is he lashing out because Mueller will bring charges?
Why do some christians apparently believe that atheists are all marxists? Do they believe that atheism and marxism are the same thing?
Do Citizens and Legal Aliens and Immigrants still have rights or is it only the illegal aliens the U.S. protects, now?
If we deported the liberals to Mexico, would Mexico take them or would they kick them out as ilegal immigrants?
People believe Trump is the truth.People believe Vishnu is the truth.People believed Hitler was the truth.People believe Jesus was the truth?
Alexya/Alexia or Jessica?
Which states whose electoral votes went to Trump in 2016 would have gone to Clinton instead, had the Russians not interfered?
Do you think that people with criminal records should be forever stigmatized and barred from doing certain kinds of work?
Why do religious people believe in magical miracles?
Since Cons are in charge of the Federal Government, why hasn’t the administration started legal proceedings against the Clinton campaign?
Will President Trump be able to make the FBI great again, and do it soon?
Do you agree that Mormons and Jehovah Witnesses are subordinate status groups which are on the fringe of society?
Do you think it's bad to be a half liberal half conservative?
Spelling suggestions for this name?
Why are Republicans having trouble fundraising for 2018, Trump supporters have an extra dollar and change according to Speaker Ryan?
How much were your taxes cut this year? the average so far is about a dollar for the entire year?
Why are humans so attracted to Gods? Do we have a difficult time believing our life is the end of the road?
People that get 175 years in prison or 5 life sentences, what’s the point of sentencing people over a lifetime?
Why are liberals opposed to absolute american dominance of the entire globe?
I guess Trump isn't so great for the stock market after all, huh?
Why can't black people come up with their own sports and stop playing white sports like basketball and football?
Why do libs think 'intelligence' is something you can learn in school?
Why do many atheists say that atheism is ONLY about the belief God does not exist when there are so many other beliefs which are attached?
People depend on Nature as much as nature depends on people?
Christians say that murder is bad, but killing is okay. Where in the bible is this distinction specified and explained?
White or purple tights?
What do the uncontacted tribes living deep in the Amazon jungle believe in?
How do I explain to my 10 year old daughter that our dog will be euthanized soon?
Will adding water or club soda to Whisky make it less harmful to your health or will it make no difference?
Why isn't Satan being burned in hellfire since he had got kicked out of Heaven? Why do only humans suffer in hell?
Would you rent a room out to someone who doesn’t have a job, but gets $1,200 monthly for disability?
Does rape count as losing your virginity?
Is the information given on Y@hoo Answers credible?
Would You Wrestle God? Like Jacob Did?
Do you think Tom Brady will retire this year if he wins?
Am I living in a world obsessed with big d*cks?
Have you ever swore at or hit a teacher?
How much money are average Americans keeping in their paychecks because of the massive tax cuts?
If you are in prison can you write a letter?
Is nick foles a hall of famer?
Anyone else hate millennials and think they are the most worthless generation ever?
Democrats are in a Fundraising Funk. What happened?
Do people that make whisk brooms feel slightly inferior?
Does it matter which church I go to?
The Girl I like Is staying Virgin? Forget her??
Why talk about Christians and the gays, almost all my friends who oppose them do so for totally non-religious reasons.?
What is the most important thing in your life?💕?
Philadelphia Is About To Burn To The Ground, How Should Its Citizens Try To Survive This Calamity?
Are atheists triggered the Eagles coach thanked Go for getting from high school football to winning the Super Bowl?
Should NASA make official light weight rosaries for astronauts to pray on in space?
Are atheists mad that the Philadelphia Eagles coach thank Jesus Christ for the Super Bowl victory?
Do any of the questions alarm you?
Has there ever been a more exciting SuperBowl game in NFL history?
Assume Hillary paid to have the dossier compiled. What does that have to do with the accuracy of the information IN the dossier?
If someone took away your chair, could you stand it?
After my mom gives the nursing home all her money and it is spent will medicaid pay for nursing home if she gets $1200 pension and $1.000?
There's a movie coming out called Samson. Why do they need to make a movie of one of the dumbest books in the Bible?
Does your dad drink a lot of beer?
Was Darren Osborne 'so sentence too long?
Why do atheists hate white people and Christians?
Why do atheists hate white people and Christians?
Girls: Would you rather wear PINK or Navy Blue?
World war 2: when would have been the best time to intervene in order to stop the beginning of the war?
Will liberals finally admit Hillary is a bad person.?
What's wrong with using opposition research (paid for by Democrats) to get a FISA warrant against Republicans?
What do you think of the UK?
Should women get free abortions in the case of rape?
Forest for Link baby name?
Christians- will the moon actually turn blood red during armageddon, or will you settle for a lunar eclipse where it turns orange?
When was the peak in U.S. manufacturing to which we are now returning as America is being made great again?
Why do Middle East and Arabs Hate USA ?
Should christianity be criminalized in the US?
What do you think about a dog daycare creating their own organic food made out of protein and vegetables for the dogs?
If you went to someone's house and their walls were covered with mathematical equations what would you think?
ANY PROBLEMS SWITCHING FROM BULBS TO LED TAILLIGHTS?
The memo exonerates Trump, it is PROOF that there is NOTHING to the Mueller investigation except a plot against Trump?
Is Jesus gonna defeat the pope and the armies of the world?
Is it typical for a parent paying for a wedding to divulge the cost per plate to family members?
Why do people hate pedophiles so much?
Is it illegal to drive an old car?
Why do most immigrants come to America?
What vehicles do people park on the street?
True/false. Healthy people don't need excercise.?
What is logically wrong with the argument on here about the Empty Tomb?
Can I some how protect a last name to prevent an ex step sibling from using it?
So the Nunes memo said the U.S goverment survailed carter Paige a Russian agent and papadopoulos triggered the investigation, what's wrong?
What does / mean in math?
Atheists and Christians if you use the main tool of communism see the details?
Oil Change place ruined my engine.?
Does time go by faster when you think about it or not?
Do you call people sir?
Do you not think there could be a creator?
Can we all be thankful there was no kneeling in the Super Bowl last nite to get cons triggered this morning?
Why didn't the Untied States attack the Germans earlier in WW2?
Do you feel ripped off you weren't born as a God with powers?
Why are certain people always lined up at the ATM when the clock strikes midnight on the first of every month?
Who is your favorite ACTOR out of these?
Have atheists accounted for all the possible permutations of God's existence?
Do you suffer from FOMO (fear of missing out)?
Describe yourself In One Word?
Does the Nunez Memo prove that the Mueller investigation is based on something untrue?
Should I not watch the Superbowl if those thugs disrespect my flag and veterans during the anthem?
Since President Trump has had no children out of wedlock is he not a great role model for practicing safe sex?
Why doesn't the US nationalize its oil and use the trillions for infrastructure and education?
If one prefers the argument of nurture in nature vs. nurture, then is that saying society is responsible for mass shooters?
Should liberals go off-the-grid this weekend to avoid the facts coming out this weekend about the Democrat Party corruption?
I hate liberal identity politics. I also hate Muslims and leftists but that's not identity politics, right?
Hmm is there an easier way for donald trump to be impeached?
Are people who report questions all solid Trump supporters?
So when you talk about people going to Hell but you don't help them what will God say to you?
𝓓𝓸𝓮𝓼 god exist?
Can crying make you sick?
God made you so will you give thanks to Her?
Combing hair right before a haircut? Is this necessary?
Why do Christians point to an empty tomb as proof that Jesus isn't dead? Give them the age of the tombs, wouldn't most of them be empty?
So this guy that I have been seeing for a while now, asked me to be exclusive with him.?
What is wrong exactly with having open borders with Mexico?
Will frozen chewing tobacco spit ruin car paint?
So I bought my kid a toy that turned out to be defective and when I tried to exchange it, the store demanded to scan myID?
Does May's refusal to remain in the customs union after Brexit make a nonsense of any deal in Ireland?
Why do some people work less hard as they go older but some people just work hard no matter what age they get?
Should any American care that Fidel Castro's son committed suicide as a result of depression?
Breeder or shelter?
MY Boobs are too small?
Can you get arrested for buying alcohol for people who are over 18 but not 21 yet?
Something is in my bedroom?
If Trump survives all the troubles and comes out stronger, what will his next move be?
Agree or disagree: it’s bad for a woman to have her first child in her thirties?
Why are Christians playing victim when lgbt people gain rights?
Is this helping or hurting the Democrats?
Should liberals just register Republican?
Should I let my daughter cut her hair?
Would having an abundance of money make you significantly happier?
Are volcanos portals to hell?
Why is California so liberal?
He said he doesn’t want a relationship with me cause he can’t see me being his wife, yet we’ve had sex, does this mean I’m not good enough?
Is it better to be a Christian who doesn't believe God or be an Atheist?
What does the President mean by "we have ended the war on beautiful, clean coal"?
Is it worth buying a domain?
Hello My car was towed by police today for no insurance and expired registration.?
Why do people like to be a slave of a higher power (if that exist)?
Did the Jewish holocaust victims do any sins that made God angry enough to permit the holocaust to happen?
Why was atheism is founded upon logical fallacies and why can't atheism survive without them? It seems like such a ridiculous foundation?
Aren't FBI agents allowed to have political opinions and talk about them to their girlfriends?
Why do women let men to have so much hard time to approach to them when they have a mindset that men should approach to them first?
Tell something funny?
Why was FDR so racist?
Is Islam a race?
Help, my husband and I fight everyday because of his parents?
Trump says he is vindicated. Is there any reason for him to be, “he who protests too much”?
Do ever "step-in" when there is trouble about..?
Why not get in a ton of DEBT If you are terminally ill, have around 6 months left and is sent home to die with family?
Where is trump's Wall?
Should Ronald Reagan or Donald Trump replace Benjamin Franklin on the U. S. $100 dollar bill?
Did Melania Trump forget which political party she belongs to?
Should Social Security be means-tested?
Now that the Nunes Memo exposes the democrat party to be nothing more than a den of thieves, will the witch hunt on Trump end?
Am I a 2000s kid or a 2010s kid?
Do you feel safe in your city/town at night?
Are Liberals too stupid to exist if the state didn't prop them up?
Why is the Pope this week preaching against Jesus? Should we pray for the soul of the Pope?
Which economic improvements over the past year are a result of one of Trump’s policies?
Do you agree or disagree with Rachael Denhollander, the first woman to accuse USA Gymnastics team Dr. Nassar of sexual abuse, when she said?
Is fornication and also drinking alcohol a sin in Christianity?
Is it true the atheist calendar divides time into before fonzie jumped the shark and after fonzie jumped the shark?
Can a person name her daughter Fireball?
So, like the Golden State Warriors are the Philadelphia Eagles going to be too busy to visit a racist, sexist, selfish 'president' this year?
Do you agree that dinosaurs were made up by secular fake scientists?
The FBI used a fake dossier to get FISA warrants. So what?
What do you do when you don’t know of a career path you should follow.?
Look like Donald Trump lost again. Whoops?
Should a soldier who has served our country, but was brought to the US as a child be deported or given the opportunity to become a citizen?
Is being gay a sin? Is it a sin to be gay?
Can i ask my ex girlfriend if she officially cheated on me?
Should it be a capital crime to vote for Trump in 2020?
Why did this guy say I was speaking nonsense when i said "Looks are genetic"?
Does anyone care that our president has spent 124 days at his resorts in his first year in office? and he is getting rich off of our taxes?
How will you celebrate if dreamers get deported?
What purpose will people serve in heaven?
What month is early spring?
Should Collinsworth be disqualified from announcing any future Patriots games?
Did Rep. Joe Kennedy III help himself with SOTU comments?
Can US Immigration legally stop a US passport holder from entering the country?
What object do you just don't have room for in the place you live?
We don't know what Mueller has found, but, if there is no evidence of Collusion, could it be because there is evidence of Obstruction?
Is Trump an insecure little boy?
Do you hug all your friends?
After years of being beaten up by right-wing Christian Media are there still any Christian liberals out there?
I like to think God, Jesus and angels watch over me. Do you?
Why do Republicans freak out and accuse Democrats of wanting socialism whenever a Democrat says we should have healthcare for all? It's not?
Why do certain users on this section block hordes of people? That isn't a very honest way or wanting answers?
My dog ate a cooked chicken bone?
If a wall is not a good idea, then how do you keep out illegal immigrants from entering?
I need to get healthy and lose weight... but how?
True or false, people whose lives are messed up always love correcting people?
Seriously, why would democrats defend Hilary paying $12Million$$$ for a FAKE dossier to spy on an American political opponent?
Why do people go on about how 'annoying' Christian evangelists are, when in Islamic countries, you're forced to believe in Islam and have...?
I got a speeding ticket for 60 in 45. $200 ticket. How likely would I win in court.?
Is God man-made or is man God-made?
Agree or disagree: everyone gets body odor if they don’t shower daily?
If I own a third of a house how do I sell?
The Afterlife. Fact or Fiction ?
Was it appropriate for Comey to exonerate Hillary Clinton before doing any investigation?
Since liberals usually pride themselves on embracing society's 'victims', why aren't they embracing Trump, the victim of a biased FBI?
If all your friends were fading away due to work and life and family and better friends would it be easy to cope?
What is that one ingredient that ruins every dish for you?
Is Trump going to hell when he dies?
Can I use unreal credit card number for a survey price?
In an alternative universe where jeb bush won the primaries would he have been able to beat hillary?
Are you stuck on yourself?
Why does God send people to hell? Isn't 80 years on this ****hole planet punishment enough?
Can I put a lien on a property that my husband owns with his ex if it’s about to be foreclosed on and sold?
Why is it so easy to get addicted to a tv show?
What is a human being?
Do you think releasing the memo was a mistake?
How does your religion define and regulate sexual relations ?
Are the Capitoline gods---Jupiter, Juno, and Minerva---the true Trinity?
I wanna join the navy but I got one question?
Are you watching FOX News? Holy Cow it sounds like the whole Democratic party is going to disintegrate.?
Where is the runaway Global Warming?
What do you think of professor Germaine Greer's statement regarding transgender people?
For Christians, the only answer is ________?
Doesn't firing James Comey look like a pretty solid move by the President now that we know what a rat Comey was?
Why did Jews choose to keep Barrabas instead of Jesus?
Do republicans get jealous when they find out someone has a pension?
Christians who think God used evolution as a tool to indirectly create man is saying Genesis in the bible is a lie ? Right or wrong?
Nunes has said the 'memo' is only the beginning; there is more to come. What say you?
Can a Jew and a Christian live together?
So after a little more than a year of Trump, the US is not an apocalypse or utopia.?
Can someone explain how some liberals think, I don't quite follow their thinking?
What has President Trump done about the opioid or flu epidemic to make sure lives are saved?
Is Trump wrong in releasing the FBI Memo, even though he was advised not to release it by FBI & Democrats or no?
Why do some people cling to hope for humanity?
I’m looking for the name of this movie?
Earth shape proof?
Who'd win in a show down of fictional characters, Yahweh (also known by the false name Jehovah) or the Flying Spaghetti Monster?
Did intermittent fasting help you shed pounds?
What are your thoughts of USA DACA program?
I don't feel good today. What should I do next?
Can I go to a 4 year university without community college?
Do you think that Trump is really a stable genius as he claims?
Is there evidence to support the hypothesis that religion can be eliminated from the human psyche?
Non-stop Hilarious Comedy Movies!?
Why aren't the dems disputing the basic tenants of the just released FISA memo?
Poll: Have you ever eaten sushi?
Why is it racist to reject multiculturalism and diversity in countries that are founded for and made by whites ?
If your husband takes your pics while you're sleeping would you fight with him or just laugh it out ?
Why do Protestants think that all Revelation is in the Bible?
The Democrat party is all about Victimhood - Why would an Asian be a Democrat?
Why is everybody so obsessed with carrots?
When the Queen dies, would that be a good time to right-size the Royal Family?
Is the Bible True?
Why did God use his enormous talking dong to trick Adam into eating the apple?
Can a degree be too old and become obsolete?
If you have ever supported trump: To what extent do you speak, read, write any language other than English and how / where did you learn it?
Saving Dogs Lives. What if there was a law in your city that stated if you get a dog or puppy from a shelter, that you have to get 2 pets.?
Is the Guardian newspaper propaganda?
Why doesn't the United States apologize to Vietnam?
Are women allowed to perform exorcisms?
I’m 14 and not willing to live anymore?
Biblical evidence against pope infallibility(Orthodox only)?
Is the situation surrounding the Nunez memo the biggest political scandal in American History?
Is it true that Jesus doesn't have a reflection when he looks in a mirror?
Will 2018 be 1928 all over again?
Cheez Its or Goldfish?
Do you think Trump actually read the whole Nunes memo?
Would you like another transaction screen ATM? Plz help?
MLK Jr. "We were here before the pilgrims"?
What do these symptoms relate too?
Could I have sued the movie theater?
Is Trump like Robin Hood, taking money away from big government Democrats and giving it back to ordinary working people?
FISA-Gate... Have Rebuplicans mistaken Democrats for someone who cares?
How much my sss loan balance?
How long does it normally take for a marriage to begin having problems and issues after getting married?
Does the Air Force pay to move me to base with my husband?
Will I become fat without exercise one day?
Christians. Christ was hated by the Pharisees because He challenged their doctrines of men. True?
Unisex names?
Does the Bible suggest that time is speeding up?
Christians who accept the overwhelming evidence for evolution, did you know Jesus was a creationist? Why do you worship a science denier?
Breed of dog?
Did Brady throw the game because he didn't want to see Trump?
Which church should I join? Temple of Set or The Order of Nine Angles?
Why do Italians have like a million different names for pasta?
Do you believe that the "Right To Try" Legislation benefits patients more or does it benefit drug companies more?
Adopted a pet was very specific with the shelter on what we need and now I think they lied?
America is in the process of becoming like brazil. A mainly Latin country with a few vestiges of White people. Do you realize this?
My car was repossessed yesterday. I can't get it back because I can no longer afford it. What am I legally bound for?
How much benefits am I entitled to a year if I move from Ireland to England preferably the Manchester or Liverpool areas?
Should I use my tax refund leisurely or pay credit card debt?
How do I treat mental illness without telling anyone?
Why are American voters so easily manipulated and played off their own hatred of each other for votes towards people in the pockets of?
Should the Govt. cut benefits & the foreign aid budget in order to fund a large-scale enlargement & modernisation of the Armed Forces?
What are your conservative values?
The patriots are the most conservative NFL Team and they cheat the most. What does this explain about conservatives?
Is it pretty bad that I've always been single on valentimes day?
Should i use shampoo everyday when i take a shower?
What happened to all the questions in polls and surveys?
Has warren buffet,or bill gates ever filed for bankruptcy?
Will Eli Manning and the NY Giants be the only team that can say they beat the GOAT in the New England Patriots?
Why do religious people tend to automatically discount the idea of eternal oblivion?
Does anyone know approximately how much it would cost to build a car completely from used and new parts?
IS USING HAND WIPES ON YOUR FACE BAD?
How far is 382 meters?
Do tv commercials annoy you?
Is the bible still relevant today? If so, in what ways, specifically?
Is the Dow Crash Trump's fault or Obama's fault?
How to get my confidence back after going through a hard time?
What causes the most conflict and disagreements in you marriage?
Is she good-looking?
Was my manager was right?
Do feminist guys look for a girl that will dominate them in bed LOL?
Rank these classic movies favorite to least favorite!?
NEED HELP ASAP WALL STREET CRASH?
My child's school cafeteria is infested with flies and roaches. The school doesn't care. What should I do?
Patriots fans be like "at least we have 5 rings". "That's cute, we Giants have 8!"?😂?
I told my mom that I was raped?
Have you ever donated money to Wikipedia when they ask ? Or would you ?
I feel dizzy when I smoke cigarettes?
How will you be saved from your sins against God and people? Who will forgive your sins?
Have your opinion on the FBI and CIA changed?
Liberals do realize that the last time the Dow had a worse Day that Obama was the President?
Aussies. What's going on with those two?
Why dont some of the christians here realize the atheists are beyond repair and thus they can't repent?
Have you been having mild headaches lately?
If there's a God then why did he put my country Australia in the middle of nowhere?
How can Allah or God confusing people about Jesus Christ to died on the cross or not according to Islam and Christianity?
Should we thank God when we get the flu?
I'm currently a temp my boss came to me and told me to apply for an open position and that HR was waiting on my resume what does this mean?
Trump supporters, the great Colin Kaepernick Donates Final $10K, Completes Million Dollar Pledge to charities. What have you given?
Voter Registration?
Hey Liberals when there is a shooter on a rampage, how do I defend myself?
How do Christian parents explain the demigod Maui and the goddess Te Fiti from Disney's Moana to their children?
Father in law put goldfish in one of the bowls i use to marinate chicken. want to toss bowl, but my wife says it's fine. sooo.. is it?
Why do they design zero clearance motors? It’s a problem for every car maker.?
Is bitcoin better than stock market?
Was this wrong ?
What is something that you are good at?
What do you think will happen?
What are some options for getting a very inexpensive cell phone that I am only going to use to contact clients of my therapy practice?
What is your LEAST FAVORITE passage in the Bible and WHY?
Does Antifa think DOnald Trump can't be racist because you need power to be racist and orange people don't have to power in the US?
Can you stay on your family s car insurance plan after you move out?
How sad would it make my parents mad if I moved into the homeless shelter instead of getting a job?
Is Rose McGowan considered a legendary actress or is that a stretch?
What song/album brings you back to a time in your past?
Maxine Waters calls Trump a racist, but is seen hugging Jew Hater Louis Farrakhan. Why no liberal outrage?
Why Are Liberals refusing to support this immigration reform bill something they been asking for?
Severe toothache only when I bite down?
Why do adults watch Disney movies?
Happy Birthday Alice Cooper! What is your favorite song and album of his?
A place where i can live on my own?
My husband’s ex (never married) & him have a house that’s about to be foreclosed and sold. Do the rights to enter the property extend 2 me?
What are your favorite candies that do NOT contain any chocolate?
Tire pressure sensor light keeps going off?
Christians, do you really want to live forever?
Is the USA police the most efficient (fast to respond and act, & brave)?
Is there any Conservatives that use to be Liberal, and if so, what convinced you to become a Conservative?
What was the funniest thing about Trump's SOTU address? Paul Ryan's loving gaze?
Name one thing that you want to achieve by the end of this year?
Why is Donald Trump making the stock market go down?
Why were Trump supporters rooting for Tom Brady?
Have we ever had a President with a better sense for fashion than Donald Trump?
Were you ever labeled as gifted and talented?
I am eating right, exercising, and eating fiber one bars and I am still constipated.?
"The Memo" indicated the FISA judge did not know Hillary paid for the document. But, does it matter to you that the court?
My neighbor keeps slamming his door everyday?
Is a payment reference number your account number?
When your time comes, if he ask, "were you good to the people in your life?", will you lie?
Tell me your favorite plant-based meal?
What signs do you feel aren't given enough credit?
Why did Hillary's campaign strategist not listen to Bill Clinton when he expressed concern that she should be campaigning in Wisconsin?
Did the planet Jupiter used to be a sun during the formation of our solar system?
Why do Roman Catholics seem to have a more liberal attitude towards homosexuality compared to Protestants who seem to be "all or nothing"?
What two feelings do you feel most often?
Agree with Hannity who says the FISA memo "makes Watergate look like a parking ticket" and "like stealing a snickers bar" (Watergate)?
Should Hulk Hogan run for President of the United States in 2020 instead of The Rock?
Is it okay to look at Playboy magazines as a teenager?
I accidentally reversed out of a parking spot with the emergency brake on. How much damage does this do?
What is the point in religion since whoever is in power they own the definitions?
How serious of a Roman Catholic are you?
Does the Left realize that those days when with a just a high school degree you could go to a big city and with a little luck land a job at?
What is a fast and easy dessert to do on a lazy night?
What did I tell you? The Super Bowl was actually rigged.?
Why do Liberals wealth shame the one percenters?
Why do Liberals value style over substance?
Should men get free vasectomies?
Why was McCabe pressured to step down from his FBI post early?
Since men and women are so sexually different, whats the point?
Can I use synthetic oil in a 1989 D150 after always using 10w-30? Or will it harm the engine?
Did the 12yr old schoolgirl who shot two classmates with a semiautomatic do so because she was a criminal or because she had access to a gun?
Anyone else tired of the Jehovah’s Witnesses, spamming their website.?
How much do you know?
Now memo is out, how soon before Trump starts the Nixon Saturday Night massacre to kill any investigation into him?
Will the continuation and the coming expansion of the economy solve many of USA social problems including crime?
If you fill your car up with gas how long can you ride before it runs out generally?
What is something you wanna do before death comes for you?
Are gay, lesbian, bi sexual, transsexual, cross dresser, child molester, and other simular groups of people actually mentally ill?
If Fox News did not exist, would Democrats and the FBI simply get away with what they do because no one would know?
Why do libs think Trump is just president for attention?
Which is the best way to learn wisdom, is it by reflection, imitation or, experience? Or maybe something else?
Do you like plums?
Do you like machines?
When is Trump going to do something to make abortion illegal?
Your top 3 most delitious fruits?
What will happen if an investigation of the memo Trump Declassified shows that Obama did the same thing as Richard Nixon did during the?
Will God judge us for our deeds we will do while in the afterlife?
God doesn't owe the humans race anything. Right or Wrong ?
Why all english people are blonde with blue eyes?
Should I buy a knife to keep in my car for self protection? Why or why not?
What do you drink more? Beer or Spirits and why?
Can landlord evict for untidy house in Texas?
Can the estate agent up the price of a home that we have had an offer on accepted and the mortgage application is currently in process?
Catholics, why are protestants wrong and evil. Protestants, why are Catholics wrong and evil?
Does an engineering degree have the same value as a gender studies degree?
My best friend enjoys to destroy my self esteem and she get mad when i feel self confidence...why does she act like this?
Will eating more fruits and vegetables make me sexier?
No more career politicians! Should we abolish the 22nd Amendment so Trump can be president for life?
While the Nazis are united in their hate of Donald Trump are these same democrats essentially divided on everything else?
Could Trump finally be impeached for releasing a tainted memo for political gain?
Is Russell crow the greatest actor of all time?
Is everyone ready for the whites rioting and burning in Philadelphia tonight?
Why are most landlords afraid to rent to section 8 tenants?
This is the 2nd time Trump goes on about something "totally vindicates" him (when it doesn't) Why is he so desperate?
Now that "Russia collusion" is a complete fail, what will the next libturd fantasy be to try and unseat our duly elected President?
I made 4,000 income this year and only got back $169 on taxes does that seem right?
Would androids need Jesus?
Unable to obtain/verify ssn when applying for credit card?
What's your favorite animal?
Am I getting scammed? (Craigslist)?
Name your favorite film from these following ten actors?
I am dating a strong christian woman that I really love. Do you think it would matter to her that I occasionally like to wear frilly?
Trump attacked Adam Schiff as Little Adam Schiff. This guy is insane. Can you Trump supporters work with us and impeach?!?
Why is hip hop more popular than rock?
I pretty much always accept the official version of tragedies since all else will be outshouted. But I have to wonder, especially in the...?
Why do liberals think people can change their gender? Are they that dumb?
If i adopt an animal in the zoo can i bring it home?
Do cons realize that by cheering the repeal of Obamacare, they will lose health insurance benefits as well?
Who are you pulling for in the Super Bowl?
Is it true Trey Gowdy will return to Washington as a Special Prosecutor to go after Mueller, Clinton, and Obama?
Why do my legitimate questions about needy clingy people get deleted all the time?
Should usa leave the united nations?
Why do African Americans rarely visit Africa?
Wealth is power OR wealth gives power?
Why is it now?
How can I get away from an abusive father without leaving my mom out of my life?
As Christian, what are some important truths to live by taught in the Bible?
Do you believe in reaping what you sow?
Survey: What thoughts come to your mind when you look at this picture?
Need answer with Question about two people Claiming Dependants.?
WHAT IS MINUS 5 SQUARED?
Is Donald Trump a womanizer?
Do Democrats think putting illegal aliens over Americans is a winning strategy for the midterms?
Do you ever worry about your electronic devices giving you a brain tumor?
What was there before God and where did God come from?
Will cons take their knee today during the anthem to shed light on an unfair criminal justice system?
Why don't people stop complaining about kneeling NFL players?
Does everyone die even if its painful?
Would you consider Crazy Devin Nunes a traitor to America?
Why do nice guys worry about what other's think of them?
Can illegally obtained evidence be used by the defence?
Was there any American Communists in the Past? And if so, were they Atheists?
I need a fun title for my essay on an essay about animal rights and how zoos are bad.?
Should tide pods be made illegal?
Is God real?
Favorite scene/line in Airplane (1980)?
Which of these names would suite me best?
Is it true that Devin Nunes has never seen the FISA warrant applications regarding known Russian agent Carter Page?
Would you mention Brexit at a Dinner Party?
Yahoo answers isn't a reliable source for information is it?
Is it possible to be a millionaire in 5 days?
Poll: which animal (or breed) makes the best house pet?
Shall ALL USA government transactions be conducted in English ONLY?
Are you ready to take the #Patriot Challenge?
Is it considered cheating if I happen to be a professional porn star?
Did ancient Romans eat "2000" candies?
Nunes admitted he didn’t read the underlying intelligence he based his memo in. How can we believe the memo then?
What's the point of anything at all?
Is the earth really spinning at thousands of mph and the sun is 93 million miles away?
Frank can type a report in 3 hours and James takes 4 hours. How long will it take the two of them typing together?
How to report someone who illegally tells people he is a cop?
What would a person believe in if they were born near Clovis New Mexico.....circa 11,000BC?
After Brexit.?
Which team will win Super Bowl 52 and why?
Is 990 dollars a lot of money?
Survey: Who do you think makes the best milkshakes fast-food wise? What flavor do you usually get?
Girlfriend lied to me twice in a span 5 months?
How in the world did Gerald Ford beat Ronald Reagan for the Republican nomination in 1976?
Deep inside are cons just pissed that they were fooled into electing another tricky dick?
I don’t fit in anywhere??
Who's at fault in this accident?
Are you brimming with good intentions?
How do I politely put a stop to an elderly neighbor who has been bringing me meals she cooks?
How to Make a Pregnancy Look like an Accident?
All in life ..have their own thoughts and opinions..Expressing them comes naturally..and should harm none Agree or Disagree?
If Tom Brady wins his sixth Super Bowl, will he replace Jesus here in the United States?
Whats the best comeback you ve ever said to you re parents when they try to act smarter than you?
How can an atheist be a "freethinker" if his brain is controlled by the fixed laws of chemistry and physics?
We come from the same father, Abraham. what does it mean?
What is right or wrong about modern feminism?
How far can the Republicans push their misinformation campaign to protect Trump/Russia?
Fill in the blank: Norse mythology, Greek mythology, Native American mythology, Christian [BLANK]?!?
If Trump is such a genius, shouldn't he have done security check on Carter Page's Russian spy ring activity in 2015 before hiring him?
Is Melania Trump Roman Catholic?
What's considered as a sin in Christianity?
Some people complain that union dues are funding the Democratic party, but isn't that with merit..?
Was 1964 early or middle 1960s?
Are you kind of a celebrity yourself if you have celebrity friends 😂?
Biblical Creationists, have you ever conceded to the Evolutionists, about the Biblical Creation?
Do you think this was a scam?
Why do people on Yahoo think my anecdote is a lie?
Why do most male mammals look strange and sinister compared to their female counterparts?
What are good movies set in the 70's?
Im 14 and my penis is much smaller than everyone elses my age, what should i do?
How to get a bigger tax refund?
Is it okay to use my professors as references without asking?
What should happen to Clinton and the key DNC leaders who colluded and conspired to steal the 2016 election?
Why do liberals pretend that everybody in the FBI are these perfect Boy Scouts?
I am Californian. Can you explain something. The rest of America HATES California and wishes it would leave. BUT THEN?
Do you go to church, but don’t believe in god?
Are Democrats starting to panic now?
What are non human animals called?
Have you ever asked a troll question or given a troll answer?
What do you think of Russia?
Why does Carter Page grin all the time?
What happens if two roommates share a bathroom? I mean-- isn't it inconvenient when one has to use the bathroom when the other is showering?
Is there any uk legislation I can use to get around my school’s mobile phone policy?
Where have all these anon users come from?
Is Trump mad that releasing the memo is basically backfiring?
Democrats ! Suppose Trump has the idea Mueller will indict him, so Trump fires the bunch. And just what will you or anybody do about that?
Do you think Donald Trump is a successful businessman?
Will insurance cover my car s damage?
Can you leave dirty dishes next to food about to be served in restaurants in TX? If not can someone show me specific rules/laws against it?
A stirling performance by manchester city yes or no?
Sabrina Cara or Sabrina Clara?
Why would president weaponized the IRS, FBI, CIA, Justice Department? Is this what constitutional democracy is all about?
Why did Brady leave the field so fast, he didn't even congratulate Foles?
Who's done more harm, the right or the left?
Do Philly Fans Deserve a SB Win?
Why is it that Christians will tell you God's love is unconditional, then turn around and say the opposite?
Is my potential landlord denying me because of my service dog?
Do people say bullies are jealous just to make the victim feel better and comfortable within themselves?
Why did Mark Salling kill himself?
So the FBI colluded with Hillary and the DNC to fix the outcome of the Election and violate American Civil Rights. Is anyone surprised?
Who is one person that you can not stand?
Is the release of the Nunes memo not another attempt at obstruction of justice?
At what age do people completely move out?
What are some jobs that don't require much thinking, just doing the same thing over and over? Do any of them pay well and aren't dangerous?
Hello. What is ruining your day today.?
Is there a reason why Trump refuses to release the counter memo? Does he not believe in public's right to know?
Am i the only one that has noticed this?
What should you do if your husband just told you quietly that he's finally discovered your darkest secret?
Clinton got dirt from Russians to frame Trump ....... does that sound like collusion?
Did Jesus remain obedient when he was on earth?
Poll: do you believe in Groundhog Day or do you think it’s ridiculous to predict 6 more weeks of winter or not?
In your opinion, did the holocaust happen?
Are the Earth’s poles REALLY going to flip?
What does this mean?
Why do crocodiles walk so gayly?
Alexia or Alexis?
Who else feels that the Democrats just might win the November elections?
Is Tom Brady drowning his sorrows in a bottle of booze right now?
Have you ever ate halibut fish? And did you like it?
Bankruptcy Q?
How many years of jail will Obama serve if he is found guilty of the information in the documents Trump declassified?
Town im moving to has a rule where you cant park on the street when it snows. But we have 6 cars and only 4 parking spots so idk what to do.?
What's the purpose of fundies?
Will unbelievers be held accountable for their rejection of Jesus? Why or why not?
Would this be considered as sex?
Is $650-700 a week after taxes, health/dental insurance, and 401k deductions a decent salary?
After the "investigation" has caused enough suspicion in voters' minds to vote anti-Republican in November, Mueller's job will be done. How?
If Democrats are sure that Russia intervened to help Trump in the election and hacked votes, why haven't they pushed for an election do over?
What are the scriptures where Jesus said you should fight those who hate you and take revenge when someone hits you by hitting back?
Are people who were born in California excited if they get a chance to visit new york?
Is it easier for feminists to walk around without tops to prove they are more than sexual objects or explain why no women play in the NFL?
Can white guys look good with long hair?
Whats one thing you hate about trump? (Non trump supporters only)?
Is it wrong to reject someone because they are unattractive?
"People who have had the mumps are immune for life." -- doctors say.?
I like to stay up late and sing, what's a job that will let me do that without coming to work dead?
My 5 yr old daughter decided to slap me because I put her in time out for throwing a tantrum. Help?
If i fill my coolant reservoir tank all the way up will that cause the plastic reservoir cap to break off?
Girls, are you attracted to muscular guys?
Do conservatives realize that everyone involved in the Russia investigation is a Republican?
Does Russia trade with north Korea?
If the US/NATO and the USSR/Warsaw Pact went to war in 1975, who would have won and why?
Why do men get so angry and offended by this?
Im a black guy and i want a blonde girlfriend just to piss off white guys. you think it will work?
Don't you agree with Democrats that we should do DACA, the wall and the budget in 3 separate pieces?
Do Christians think that the Father is the only God like Jesus does?
US Gift Tax Question?
My mother died when I was 3 years old I was raised by my aunt, at my high school they call me a orphan but im not and it bothers me?
The Nunes Memo fizzled and failed. Is the only thing it established that Nunes is a nut job?
If God is LOVE and ALL MERCIFUL, why did he create an eternal Hell?
How come Dems are minimizing and claiming the Nunes memo is misleading but have yet to point to its 'inaccuracies' or mischaracterizations?
We are looking at buying a foreclosed mobile home in a trailer park with cash Our credit is not the best will we be approved by the park?
Question for adults 25+. 10 years ago, did you see this race war coming?
If write a bunch of bad stuff about Hillary and call it a "secret memo," will conservatives fall for it?
I was arrested af Sam's Club?
Do atheists believe in the pope?
Nealy 19 year old female no armpit hair?
Why are movies and books are so wrong about life?
If God is sovereign what makes you think you can tell him what to do?
Christians: If God is all-powerful, could he choose to save someone outside of Christianity?
Is Trump a threat to national security?
Will Tom Brady play next season, or will the last play of his career be getting sacked and fumbling in the Super Bowl?
Would you date a bartender?
My husband is bipolar. His mom lives in an assisted living. She wants to live with us. She refuse to listen to the nurse and doctors.?
Who do you prefer Lil Wyte or Paully Wally?
Living in an illegal room (NYC), about to stop paying rent ?
Does 2 half pints equal 1 pint?
Do you get offended when people thank God for something that you deserve the credit for?
My W-2 seems wrong, what do I do?
After life ?
Why did Democrats lie so badly about the memo?
Can the real land lord negotiate a new lease with the subtenant if the master tenant sublet illegally?
Is Animated Voice-Acting one of the best jobs in Entertainment?
Should "Christian" pastors give their blessings to an abortion clinic? Why or why not? Are they actual Christians?
Why does my stepsister still bully me even though I'm much bigger than her now?
The Eagles just won the Super Bowl and Philadelphia is going wild. Where's a place I can make a quick escape to get away from the madness?
What if there were no cheese?
When you ice skate, do you like to make figure 1's?
What do you think about Amtrak and it's long history of fatal accidents over the past few years?
Why are the southern states ranked so low in education?
Do Fundamentalists actually want a police state, or just ignorant about how politics really works?
Should America get more Norwegian immigrants like Trump suggested?
Can someone explain to me why people who think a nice Jewish guy is the Son of God hate Jewish Folks?
Lost my drivers learners permit before transferring it to a new state?
What new legal things can a 17 year old do in the U.S that they could not do before turning this age?
Who recommended to Trump that Rosenstein be hired?
I have received a Notice of Collection Order for a parking fine I got at Tesco, what can I do? There isn't even an amount on the letter.?
How to solve these simultaneous equations?
Are IPX4 earphones ok to wear in the shower?
How much money did the person have to start with?
Is the use of "bitc" illegal?
What must anyone admit about the Resurrection? And let's use a non-believe historian's words?
Would liberals have a problem with every US citizen, 18 years old and older being allowed to carry a single shot firearm without a license?
How much you wanna bet Trump didn't even read this said memo he OK'd to be released?
How do I confront my sister about her spending and lying problem?
What do atheists think about Pastor Steve Anderson calling you gaytheist & fagnostic?
Character name ideas?
Does having a background running a business automatically qualify you to hold a political office?
Are all "Loners" basically shy people..?
Which camera should I upgrade to?
Have you ever done something nice for a stranger?
Help! Dog Advice!?
If my car was totaled out...and the insurance claimed liability what will happen?
Did the patriots win?
If people understood many of those who try to help them free of charge have political and religious motive, they would be more truly free?
Lawyers for a senior trump official say Muellers team is hinting they will indict trump for Obstruction of Justice, is trump freaked out?
Porn? Is it ok?
Is this relationship wrong?
If there is a God, why didn't he make earth's orbit a perfect circle?
Why do Conservatives presume that Christ would still support their cause since he is not a Republican, but is clearly an Absolute Monarch?
Dose Leo men are the best husbands ?
Is it true that religion and science make people feel that they can "act like God"?
My boyfriend says he s not into valentines day and I got my hopes up now I m disappointed..?
Be honest, book worms: how many books to you read per month?
Help!!??? Will my cat come back?!?
Are you a star?
Where to find intellectual people ?
Why do some teens never go to parties?
What do you do if a stranger tries to getting in your car while in stop light?
Whats a 1/3 of 144"?
Any movie that is exactly as the book?
Why can't smart christians understand my point when i asked about the lord's omniscience?
Should I be embarresedto go back to my old job?
Which is more harder, finding intelligent extraterrestrials in space or finding a sweet, loving girlfriend on earth....?
If astrology and fortune-telling are indeed against Islam, then why do so many Muslims engage in them?
Why dispute the Sabbath: Pope Benedict in Jesus of Nazareth, quotes:?
Leftists: How come you claim to love our Constitution, yet you’re always trying to repeal the Second Amendment?
Am I attracted to girls?
I'm starting to feel lonely in my marriage and it's becoming depressing. What should I do?
Why my Dog has lost 8 kg weight in 4 months?
In which ways are humans similar to animals in shape?
Why does Pres. Vladimir Putin always remind me of world war 3...?
Isn't it apparent the Democratic Party cares more about illegal aliens than it does Americans?
Why was the giant Pyramid of the Sun allowed to be built to completion where it still stands today?
Do you hate house chores?
Who else cant believe kylie jenner let a thug impregnate her? Wtf?
What food did they eat in harry potter?
My dog ate cats poop?
Atheists, what is your opinion of REPUBLICAN voters?
Did the information in the memo Trump Declassified say that Obama did the same thing as Richard Nixon did during the Watergate Scandal?
ARE MY SOCIAL SECURITY PAYMENTS TAXABLE UNDER THE TRUMP TAX PLAN?
Why do some teens/children commit suicide without thinking about their loving parents?
Does taking a lot of money out of your account at once affect your credit score?
The difference between the Obama and Trump economy is like night and day. Isn't this incredible?
How many of you reading this actually believe in God and Jesus?
Would you ride on a electric Harley-Davidson..?
Anyone know any short stories that are bout discovery?
Will Trump also take credit for The Dow crashing?
Why were there so many serial killers during the late 20th century?
Can you lose weight by staying in a room full of steam?
Everybody knows God does not have a wife. But He does have a spiritual Son. How can the quran be right?
A.I. has traditionally been thought of as a special preserve of Science. Any Philosophy concerns ?
Is it good to eat spinach everyday?
Can 13 year olds listen to the band poison?
Rate the chances (out of ten) that Steele's Russian sources told him the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth?
If lot's wife became salt by turninq around, then why not became salt without turninq around since both sides of her are still skins?
Can I become pregnant if he ejaculated on my butt?
Do you drive with your left or right foot?
Democrats! Misleading, concocted statements were used to address a FISA court judge, and thereby spy on innocent Americans for political?
Is 300 The Best Movie Ever?
Occasional high pitch squealing noise from car on take off which goes away after few seconds. Anybody know what the cause is?
What would happen to the news media in the United States for lying to, or withholding vital information from, their viewers and listeners?
Which of these in order is your favorite animation movie?
My friend who we call Steve the butt pirate is scared to come out of the closet for fear his homophobic Christian father will murder him?
What’s the difference between a politician and a flying pig?
Friends, for me truth is more sublime than lime,God is the only holy absolute sacred truth, u cant deny God's existence, your opinion?
Adult sharing room with younger sibling?
How to know if soul swapping spell worked? Felt a bit different but not so much today so idk?
Which is the most boyish: Leo woman or libra woman?
Can you name some other animals besides man that exhibit homosexual traits?
When you get to heaven, do you get to keep the memories of people who didn't make it and are now being tortured for eternity?
Has the gullibility of Trump supporters surprised you?
Can Trump demote Roberts and appoint a more conservative justice?
Is abortion and guns the only two reason why christians vote republican?
What is your Favorite passage of the Bible, and WHY is it your favorite?
Why was Hitler not assassinated during the Olympic games?
Can we move the Super Bowl to next week?
Is Everton really gonna get a new stadium?
Do you like beetroot ?
If the "deep state" exists, penetrated US law enforcement, "liberal" media outlets, do right wingers trust Trump to declare dictatorship?
Is it worth going to see a doctor if my child has meningitis or can he get better just at home?
Is "the gop reading the warrant information then writing a memo about it" similar to what Nixon wanted to do with the tapes?
If my unpaid eviction from 3 years ago disappears off public record does that mean its off my rental history too?
Do you like being threatened when you go see a movie?
Did Buddha believe in the sin of sloth?
Why do the Democrats sent out emails that they need donations when one of their candidates is losing?
Are workers that make pretzel sticks, just really crappy pretzel makers?
What is the most durable drive type? HDD, SDD or SSHD?
I have a cat who likes to scratch the arms of my couch . Should I hold off right now on buying a new one?
Is a transgender woman a WoMan?
As a spiritual being, how does God accomplish all his physical works?
How do you get over the boredom that comes during the first week of sobriety?
Did man stop being real men when woman stop being a real woman? Don't you wish for the good old days?
What's it like to work at Yahoo now?
Atheist, Is it possible for the mind and the heart to disagree?
For god so loved the world he wants to spend eternity with you worshipping him, while people that opted out are tortured?
Why will Hilary never be President?
Motivation tips?
If a man walks around a plaza everyday with the same car broke down story and asking for money, is it likely he's a professional panhandler?
Can you learn more about God and spirituality in Hindu scriptures like the Bhagavad Gita?
How could Dumbledore have been 150 if J.K Rowling wasn't born until 1965?
Does hating people means you are giving into Satans ways?
When will Hillary be held to account for her crimes?
Don't you think the prophecies for the end days are very general?
Does a 2011 BMW have oil dip stick?
Why do people join the military?
Custodial account?
How does the Democrats think that protecting criminals helps them?
How can I register my dog and get the paperwork for free?
Why do preachers make it sound as if you have to live a lackluster life?
Which name: Liam, Logan, or Levi?
Poll: Do you always bring home the pens and paper in your hotel room?
What do women wear to a job interview?
Why do democrats demand instant citizenship for all illegals & tell those who waited & waited to come here,better luck next time.?
Mckenna or Kinlee for a girl...?
Why do people get angry and delete questions about the round earth myth?
Why is having a criminal record so bad when you can still have illegal jobs like hitman?
Should I rehome my dog?
Why don't all Western first-world countries isolate third-world, Islamic, oppressive-to-women countries? Why don't they just do it?
Do you want grandchildren someday?
How about banning ALL promotional use of attractive women (and men)?
Has dark matter even been seen? (Astronomy)?
What to do on nights when you feel so damn stupid for losing the love of your life ?
True or false: If a job would pay you a lot but you wouldn't enjoy it then you wouldn't do the job?
How much does a waiter on a cruise ship typically make annually?
When a US police officer stops you for speeding, he wants you to sign the ticket. Why does he do this? AND what happens if you don't sign?
Would you rather live a bad life and go to Heaven? Or live a good life and go to Hell?
Is Trump a self made billionaire?
Am I gonna miss out on life?
I keep hearing how "Mueller is getting close". Really? Close to WHAT, EXACTLY? How do you know? What evidence is there. O'Wait!!! It's okay2?
Did the witch of Endor really summon Samuel from the dead (1 Samuel 28:7-20)?
Do christians thiink that since there is no evidence that a god does not exist, that it therefore must exist?
Another rat jumping from the sinking ship, this time Trey Gowdy. Why is the GOP such a disaster?
What should i do?
Why don’t socialists just go to North Korea and ask for political asylum?
What makes a person have class?
Should Trump Derangement Syndrome be terminal?
Was Trump's State of the Union Address the greatest speech in the history of the United States of America?
Why is the age you can legally have sex lower than the age you can legally get married?
Is it okay that I dress up as a woman and have random men have gay sex with my butt?
The Mueller Witch Hunt has been exposed by the Nunes Memo to be fruit of the poisoned tree. Is it time for the impeach Trump crap to stop?
Agree or disagree: life's too short to worry about things that we've got wrong?
Moderate Democrats, Are there any Liberal media outlets that are not intentional liars?
Was Nunes right? T'Rump never met Papadopoulos and all the pictures of them together are photoshopped? Otherwise nothing Nunes said is true?
Is Liberty University a good school?
What is a good middle name for the first name Leviticus?
Trump looks Russian because flat face, small eyes, small nose. Is this why people suspect he is Russian?
Is it a good idea to file my tax return on turbotax instead of getting it done for you?
What type of drug tests do the army do, like blood test or hair etc?
Why would Obama get people's hopes up issuing so many non legally binding executive orders that Trump could simply undo when he took over?
Why do some conservative users on here attack me, just because I support multiculturalism and immigration?
Does the UN really have guileless that say even just staring at a woman constitutes sexual harassment?
Is Trump basically just a moderate democrat?
Can i wear a floral tie with a pin-striped shirt or would that look HORRIBLE?
Does making up elementary-school style nicknames for political opponents strengthen Conservatives' arguments?
Worried that i overdosed on iron yesterday.?
Why is there a misconception that communism doesn't allow personal property?
What act did witches commit that turned them from being unpopular people that were put to death read description?
I ran into an old friend at the store.?
Is it wrong to joke about someone who comitted suicide?
Does anyone know of a warm, welcoming christian church in Montreal?
What are the biggest scams going on in the world now?
Trump supporters criticized Obama for using teleprompters. Why don't they criticize Trump when he uses a teleprompter?
What’s going on at Arsenal? Is Wenger really to blame? If so why do the board keep renewing his contract?
OK, so... I read the Nunes memo, and....?
So the military is going to let transgenders in but not people but not people with previous depression, anxiety or even broken bones?
What should you do if your husband just told you quietly that he's discovered your deepest, darkest secret?
Why do false religions say Muhammad split the moon?
Can you have children after an abortion?
Is pirated windows safe for bank transactions?
Step by step, how do I get my biological brother to immigrate to the United States?
Who really wrote that bogus memo for Crazy Devin Nunes?
Do you think that after we become 1 with that special someone,the next step is to find another couple(who are one)then become 1 with them?
My girlfriend wants kids and a life with me which is fine but I told her as long and she wants to stay living with me at my parents sure?
I got home late at night at 11pm and the our bedroom was locked.......?
I just found out that PUTIN stole a Super Bowl ring from an owner who was in Russia on Vacation. So who believes Putin is a nice guy now?
Is it wrong to want your first child to be a girl?
Who is the current day slave master?
Is there anything good.about working night shift, please givee one beaises the body clock disruption causes cancer due to no light for genes?
As Americans, how do you see christian arab people? especially those who are from Israel! want opinions please.?
When a bank's vault is robbed, who suffers?
The markets are plunging. Did Donald Trump plot it this way or is this just his incompetence as a President?
Do you believe super bowl finally Fix?
Do you like the name Brent for a boy?
Why does the bible say human slavery is right? Is god against basic human rights as laid out by the United nations?
R and S, are some ppl naturally modest? Or do they intentionally do it? Generally?
Isn't it a shame that most Catholics practice artificial contraception?
A Russian fighter jet has been shot down over Syria. Your thoughts?
Is Robert Mueller an American hero and patriot?
Poll: Is Panda Express the best Chinese food you can get in your area?
I often see God When I'm sleeping. What does this mean?
Why does literally everyone have depression and anxiety nowadays?
What is your Favorite type of rice, AND WHY?
POLL: Should the halftime show be gladitaorial combat instead of whatever this year's popular pop star is?
Do you have to swear on a Bible to get elected into office in the US?
Wasn't this last week a great week for Trump and a miserable week for Democrats?
How can the Federal Bureau of Investigation be under investigation. Is Trump just trying to takeover the authority of the DOJ?
Is this one of the reasons the Americans won the Revolution?
When Jesus returns will all gays and lesbians be banished to hell and destroyed forever?
Is it true that christianity is an amalgam of different beliefs and stories taken from other traditions and religions? It's a copycat faith?
Why do the Clintons need all those lawyers if they're competent. Both are lawyers?
Idea number 2: Is this a good way to speed on the highway without getting a ticket.?
Can we stop labelling the Left as "Liberals" and start labelling them as "Progressives" instead? Do you agree?
Should the NHS be privatised as it costs the taxpayer over £100 billion a year & privatising it would considerably increase our GDP?
Why do people really gain weight?
Will I still loose weight if I eat normally and exercise regularly?
What is the difference between may be and might be?
Will universal healthcare cause a slippery slope of where the government exterminates its people, or is that just a right wing talking point?
Do expectations directly impact our interpretation of reality.?
What is meant by vows in a religious marriage service? (2 marks)?
Do you think in a time of Crisis like let's say a War of the Worlds style alien invasion is that a gen could promote a to six stars?
[Serious Question] Both the House & Senate passed Russia sanctions by overwhelming margins, so how can the White House just ignore it?
Can sharks climb the sides of boats?
If you were to ask a question of yourself,what would it be?
Is Donald Trump can bring happiness and prosperous glory to humanity?
Why are there no homes for sale in Los Angeles?
James Comey said that the Steele Dossier was salacious and unverifiable. Why do stupid liberals keep believing it?
If you were suddenly a liberal man what would be the most difficult part of your life to adjust to?
What do you think of people not wanting to go to school/college, because the don't want to owe student loan/ be in debt?
What would the real, gentle Jesus think of killing an elephant?
Should gay marriage be outlawed?
How much Viagra is it safe for a 16 year old female to take? I’m gonna take it, I just don’t want to die.?
Why does the christian god seem less believable for each year that goes by?
Did Jesus say that God honours those who serve God? And how does one serve God?
How do adults, with or without children, feel about school dress codes?
What's your favorite clothing brand?
Feeling guilty about leaving husband?
Can I legally own a fire truck and use it as daily a transport?
What would happen if I gave all my money to Jesus?
Donald Trump just launched an attack against the NHS saying it is "Broken and not working", how is he not wrong?
Isn't it interesting how the DNC got all of their sheep to embrace and promote modern day McCarthyism?
If Obama wanted to spy on the Trump campaign why did the FBI target Cater Page a month after he left the Trump campaign?
What if the Central Powers won World War One?
Rep Trey Gowdy (R-SC) said that there is no question Russia interfered with the US elections in 2016. Is he becoming a liberal?
Please help me. I need to work a maths question out. xsquared-9x+27=0 what is a factor of 27 but adds to get -9?
Can my Girlfriend and child go with me If I travel for the air force ?
Is it equal to rape? I feel kind of raped by my boyfriend.?
Is it ok to be jealous when people laugh and have fun without you ?
Are the Russians going to influence the 2018 elections?
Wedding Advice! What to do?
When do you predict Avril Lavigne will release her new album? 😃?
If the Democratic memo gets to POTUS’ desk, will he release it?
What do you expect from a woman who does not fear and love God and who does not believe in heaven hell nor fear Hell?
Fall of Roman Empire caused by 'contagion of homosexuality'?
Are atheists stuck in the 00s? Isn’t it about time they evolved and moved on and progressed a little?
Poll: Where's the furthest you've lived away from your hometown?
Could the FBI arrest Hillary for providing Fake News?
I voted for Trump. Am I smart?
Why are Republicans complaining about FBI and DOJ liberal bias when the leadership is mostly republican?
IPhone or andrioid ?
If Jewish religion is wrong = Catholic is wrong since it is based on jewish messiah, so islam and christianity = wrong so why not be jew?
Does employers send resumei and job applications to the irs?
Why do some people say "ask religions are the same", though it is obviously not true?
Is it unhealthy to keep the cat always inside the house?
Has Hillary Clinton issued democratic rebuttal on today's disputed Russia-probe memo released over FBI protest ?
Why New Yorkers are loving people?
Theists, why do you deny FSM?
Will God deport Trump from Heaven?
What's your ideal Valentine's Day or gift?
Can of whipped cream or can of cheese?
Why do I always touch hair?
Which anthem has the best, most beautiful melody...?
What do you think about the EU?
Is the NFL a team sport or a single player sport?
Basic math question?
If you were a child star would you be a messed up adult?
What is a spirit? How many spirits exist?
The MEMO (and FOX) say Christopher Steele was fired by the FBI. Simple question: How could the FBI fire a person who does not work for them?
Why is it so difficult for Republicans to understand that a portion of the people serving life in prison would never re-offend if released?
Can you turn your brain off and not have any thoughts for 60 seconds?
My motorcycle started bugging out and i dont know why, any ideas?
Do white people owe black people reparations for putting them through 500 years of colonialism, slavery, and oppression?
I like cheese cake but where is the cheese?
Why do feminists claim not to hate men when it's clear they do?
Was this one of the best weeks for President Trump since he was elected?
Should I delete Yahoo answers ?
Is it safe to live in Mexico?
What does 1 Samuel 10:22 mean about Saul hiding?
Is the stock market stumble due at least in part to the Nunez memo?
How are you handling all of the winning?
My best friend has depression.?
Criminal investigators don't publicize their evidence, yet with every investigation I've ever seen, there were mountains of it already...?
The sweat stain on my couch looks like Jesus. How do I preserve it?
Is everybody themselves and no one is someone else?
Who will win the super bowl?
Am i stupid or does religion make absolutely no sense?
What would god do with say 4 clones of a man.?
Is Trump's life slowly going downhill?
Vote for president (this is a NOT real) Oprah Winfrey Michelle Obama Hilary Clinton?
Why are semi-automatic and automatic guns allowed in the U.S. (except for use in the military)? Should we as American citizens own these?
Is it normal to not come any ejucation when getting an orgasm ? ((Female))?
What is your favorite Stephen King adaptation movie(s)?
What chance would an unarmed human stand against a polar bear?
Just brought a 2010 chevy equinox for 3900$ with 175k miles and the problem i jave is when i get it up to 80mph the car randomly jerks?
What makes you love Jesus so much?
Since the Cleveland Indians bowed to political pressure and eliminated "Chief Wahoo", when will DEMOCRATS ask "Cherokee" Elizabeth Warren to?
Should we build moats around our schools and put sharks in them with giant freakin' laser beams on their heads to stop school shootings?
What are the chances my husband will get the job?
Is it illegal for a 13 year old and a 14 year old to be sexting?
Why are libs so convinced if they deny/dismiss/demean the Nunes memo enough it will go away and not rise to levels higher than 'Watergate'?
Has the Nunes nothing burger revealed the level of Trumps desperation to end the Russia investigation?
Just read today that a conservative web site, not Hillary hired Fusion GPS to create the dossier? What?
Are you going to dress up or going on a date this holiday?
Did Obama or Hillary make any comments on the memo that Trump declassified?
Life isn't perfect...and love does not care.. Agree or Disagree?
What was your favorite NFL super bowl game of the 21st century?
What are the cons of being born in 2000?
Homework help: 4x0?
What’s your opinion of Prince Harry’s bride?
When was America great?
A psychic told me she doesn’t have super natural powers also she could’ve said she doesn’t have super natural abilities correct?
Why are there things on this planet that still can't be explained?
Wasn't today a really great day?
HOW MANY INCHES IS 60 MM?
A Co-Worker has been avoiding me because he owes me money, what can i do to get my money back?
What are lentils?
Has Trump always hated the brave men/women of the FBI or is this new hate because they're connecting the dots on his corruption?
Employer didn t pay federal or state taxes out of my paycheck- what do I do?
What’s the one misconception about you?
Is there away to a longer penis?
The Illuminati deal in symbolism & Brady the white leader lost, does that scare you?
What are you planning to buy?
When you refinance a car loan does the new loan start from the beginning?
What does it mean to be "Spiritual"?
Can it be argued that the Cold War began when the atomic bomb was dropped on Hiroshima?
If Christianity isnt the truth then why cant I stop believing in it tok me its not a choice?
I have a question for religious people and atheists, if you don't mind?
Was life better before social media?
How would you feel if your friend and someone you once had interest in were now very close?
How many Republicans in Congress would you estimate are now guilty of obstruction of justice?
Is the US is just as racist as it's always been, but with Trump as President racists feel they have "cover" to come out of the shadows and..?
Do you think scientists will ever discover a way to regrow limbs after they have been amputated from the human body?
Trump won over the memo issue to! How can we Democrats stop Trump from always winning?
Does it matter where the evidence came from?
Are ramen noodles pretty much the worst thing someone could eat?
18 year old with 13 year old girl?
When did Conservative values switch from supporting smaller government, to not tellin' the feds where your neighbor's meth lab is.?
Why didn't the Patriots just cheat to win the game last night? Like they usually do?
Jehovah's Witnesses, what does it mean to love this world and its desires?
Trump’s CDC Director Steps Down After Tobacco Stock Scandal. Is there anyone in the Trump Administration that is not corrupt?
Are Uruguayans white or mestizos?
If you died today would you be happy with what you have done if you went to heaven?
Did you know that I'm raising the bar?
After this memo will be released tomorrow, will Trump be impeached?
Question what is dog?
Tom Brady would have retired if he won, but now he can win a Super Bowl at 45 years old. That would be amazing. God has a plan for us all?
For what reasons might a guy be poor that is beyond his control?
I answered a question with math, and conservatives said “math is drunk” and “math isn’t science, it’s opinion.” Should I be amused or woried?
What's happening in here? Anything interesting?
Did modern fantasy really begin with J. R. R. Tolkien and end with George R. R. Martin?
Why are women with short hair asumed to be lesbians but men with long hair arent asumed to be gay?
Can you be Bi if you want to marry a man?
Why did liberals not answer every question that was critical of Obama for the last nine years by talking about Watergate?
Is the super blue blood moon tonight a sign of God?
Would you say that the 1st & 2nd commandment is a blatent man-made attempt to keep its people away from the knowledge of other religions?
School social workers must always keep information that a student tells them confidential. true or false?
I inadvertently swallowed some office staples. Will they hurt me?
Do you remember that the IRS under President Obama, was prejudiced against Conservative groups ?
When millennial liberals hold up signs that say “your grand kids are gonna be brown” what are they implying? Whites are not allowed?
Was michael jackson autistic?
What do you think of this situation and what should I do?
Current Events do you think that heterosexual couples should be allowed to have a civil partnership?
Would you rather have Aubameyang or Giroud AND Morata?
EVERY BOGUS 2016 FISA REQUEST to Spy on Trump was Signed by Obama’s AG Loretta Lynch..So what is going to be Libby's Fake News spin on that?
Why is element 115 not on the table of elements?
If I was born in 2005, do you consider me a 2000s kid or 2010s kid?
If the power cord in the power supply is moved even a little bit, pc turns off. Is it normal or should i be concerned?
Hunting section- do you remember where you were 50 years ago?
Why do Christians think lgbt having rights persecuted them?
Is Latin American culture similar to Eutopian culture?
I have stomach pain every time i eat a waffle or something with gluten. Should I get tested for gluten intolerance? It runs in my family?
Why does all the Catholic rosaries and crucifixes work so well in exorcisms and against vampires if Catholicism is not true?
What should i do?
Why would a guy have a girl as an enemy?
Apple iPad or Android?
Did Jesus believe he was God in the flesh?
If park a vehicle for 6 months...how important is it that the fuel tank is FULL ? why?
Cons, do you support this quote about job creators?
Where exactly do Conservatives get their media intake other than Fox News?
Why are the Americans far more protectionist on and jealously guard their job market than the EU?
Only in America do we accept weather predictions from a rodent, but deny Climate Change evidence from Scientists. What are your thoughts?
Hi. Why I am dark sometimes and other times am lighter and then am dark again.?
Why would an angel rebell against a blissful God?
Should professional resumes have color and fancy designs or just be plain?
What is the meaning of life?
What shape did astronomer indicate the Universe exists as?
Is it safe to say that both teams played a great game and things didn't go right for the Patriots?
LGBT: Guess who I am.?
Cons, what do you think of this hitler quote where Hitler called the left the enemy of fascism and promoters of communism?
Cars engine oil cap won't come off?
If you knew someone found you unattractive because you heard it from your friends, would that stop you from approaching them for romance?
Should i send my ex a happy birthday message??? please help, it's today?
Why are blacks and whites the only races who can sing?
Poll: Do you support amnesty for DACA illegals?
Any know what would happen to those illegal DACA kids if their are forced to return to that sh1thole country of their parents?
Are people from Ohio conservative and religious?
Why do contards hate Stalin? Is it because he sent nazis and reactionaries to the Gulag?
What happens if you have an extremely low Blood Sugar, you lose consciousness and aren t found for hours?
Why do gay men risk death and disease to themselves and other people ?
Why do feminists try to explain to men what being a man is like?
Why are my Qs not showing up?
Is there a form you fill out to sign up for Direct Deposit.?
In the long run - will the 'MeToo' movement do more harm OR good when it comes to helping curb sexual harassment and violence against women?
Why are so many houses in the UK 2 bedroom when most people like to have kids of both genders?
To all American minorities: have you ever had an encounter with racism?
Is your behavior influenced by religious standards, or simple human decency?
Can I wear dark red lipstick to work?
What does it mean everything not of god is of the world like Jesus said Jhn 18:36 in the Bible.?
Why does England have such bad food?
In America....?
Im 13 and i was wondering is it normal to masterbaute or well touch your clit?
Why does my Computer keep crashing? Everytime i play games it turns off and i have to unplug it fron the power supply for it to boot up?
Christians, should world be like its was in bible times?
Toyota Camry?
Are borders racist?
How do I unclog a toilet that has been clogged by a tampon?
Didn't Donald Trump say that ANYONE who was under FBI investigation wasn't fit to be president?
Did Trump destroy freedom of speech?
If the mother does not have us citizen but the children do since the day they were born at what age can the mother apply for residency?
Is everyone going to die if so when and how do people die?
Why do anti-Trump people post fake Twitter quotes by Trump, as if they are real? Don t they bother to fact-check?
Does an accident that the other driver was cited for, but my car got totalled, affect my insurance premium in a negative way?
Isn't the Mueller investigation based on lies that were known to be lies?
Ha sit sunk in yet with Trump and his MAGA-Chuds how much this “memo” publicity stunt has backfired?
Who would win in a battle between Thor and the christian god?
Shelf life of open can of breadccrumbs?
Is Donald Trump a gypsy?
Why is the new supervisor destroying our schedule and acting funny?
Is the Nintendo switch worth buying?
What do you think of people who hate on Jews?
What's the saddest thing that's happened to you?
Why is my son s father allowed to pick up my child from school?
Are one night stands okay?
I am Baptist. When a Christian dies do they immediately go to heaven?
Why do atheist sheeple get so fundamentalist and dogmatic for their atheism and the logical fallacies it preaches them to exercise?
Why did scott baio rape his minor co-star,charles in charge ? Politically?
Are you offended that a sports team is named “The Patriots”?
Why does America have to import illegal drugs ? Why can't we make them here and export them?
Has Trump Brilliant strategy worked in completely fooling his supporters and the media as a whole?
Cons for joining any branch of the united states military?
I am 45, am I too old to get married* I never got married before?
Did trump have a hand in russian dopers being allowed to go to the olympics?
Must I ask my gf parents if I can marry their daughter?
If aliens landed on earth, and the first people they met happened to be christians....?
Have you ever been on holiday while you were at home? Be it through music or other meta-physical devices?
If a father who pays child support agrees to fix his ex wife's car would cost 350 at mechanic and both agree it should show on state agency?
Is selling your soul real and is their forgiveness?
Trump made the press an enemy, the hammered him. Now the FBI is his enemy, how will that end?
Boy that memo sure was a knock out punch for team Trump wasn't it?
How did the FBI and DOJ obtain a FISA warrant to spy on Carter Paige with an unverified dossier and a report by Michael Isikoff?
Do you think that we should round up atheists and drop them in a life raft in the middle of the sea or Antarctica to teach them trust in God?
Does political correctness deny the right to think outside the box?
Pulled over for speeding right after speed limit changed?
When someone buy vegetables and ask the seller “what do you have that’s in season in these parts” what does it mean?
Can anyone all agree that America would be better than it is right now if Hillary Clinton was President instead of Donald Trump?
Who's running the GOP, Hannity?
Am I a bad dog owner?
Do you go chasing waterfalls?
Is there a difference between a hot dog and Bologna?
How to be less awkward?
Lettuce or apricot?
Something fun we have in England that the Germans don't have?
The Road To The Triple Crown; The 2018 Holy Bull Stakes (G2)@) Gulfstream Park?
Is this engine swap possible? Chevy corvair?
Were the Druids a religious society or were they savages?
Who better embodies Christian values, Obama or Trump?
Did you watch CNN or MSNBC after the 4 pg. memo was released? Did you lol at the entertainment resembling Saturday Night Live?
Why do pisces and virgos get along better than taurus and scorpio? Shouldn't it be proportionate?
Super Bowl : Eagles or Patriots, why?
How to loose 5 pounds each week?
What were Louie Armstrong's first words when he stepped foot on the moon?
Do I need to use my real name on Facebook?
Why do atheists deny the facts of Life and God?
Who is a better actor Laurence Fishburne or Michael Douglas?
How to make an indoor/outdoor cat strictly indoors?
What's something awesome that I can give my mother for Valentine's Day?
Why are Large News networks such as CNN, MSNBC, CBS! are simply avoiding a detailed analysis of the Nunes memo?
Why do alot of newer cars have the fuel pump inside the gas tank? I would imagine this makes things much harder on the mechanics.?
I've been trying to ask a question, but it is not posting. Why?
Has anyone checked whether Hillary or other Dems and their staffs ever laundered money, even if it was long before they'd met her?
I saw a bald eagle this morning and it made my dick hard. Does that make me a patriot?
I am scared to start wearing foundation. Will I break out?
Should the NFL require players to stand during the National Anthem?
Military BF in the field, sporadic texting?
Why do gay people changing their claim of genedrization attempt to force straight people to honor a scientifically proven false lie?
This is how he dumped me, opinions?
Why do some people insist that G-d is male?
A:b=5:14 and b:c=7:3 find a:b:c ?
Christian Sheeple: Do you realize you only believe in Christianity because you were born happened to be born past the time it was invented?
Why do the dems support that the FISA court was illegally deprived of info needed to make a legal decision?
Mothers and custody?
Spiritually speaking: Is the King James Version of the Bible the definitive, correct, and proper version?
Is North Korea going to nuclear strike the U.S.?
So many embarrasing and painful memories i feel so shameful how do i get over this feeling?
Is it still a patriarchal society nowadays despite feminism, etc.?
How do i screen shot on my laptop?
Has anyone told us the reasons why no one can investigate Russia interference with the US elections?
Are you excited for this memo to come out and DEMOLISH the DEMOCRATIC PARTY?
Convert from muslim to christian?
Doesn't it scare y'all that death is permanent?
Sarah Brightman is wonderful, do you agree?
So who paid for the fake protesters at the Jacob Rees Mogg event attempting to make him look hunky; Murdoch? Dacre? Breitbart? Mogg himself?
Should FBI not keep surveillance on known Russia Agent Carter Page just because he started working for Trump?
What is the best way to make money if your under 16?
When the conservative revolution is complete will all gays and transgenders be executed?
What is Hillary going to do now that she`s implicated in the FISA memo?
Are you going to be having sex on valentine day ?
Oh my god I'm dying, what's wrong with me?
Ideas for a character name?
Why did White Supremacist propaganda triple on College campuses in the first year of the Donald Trump Presidency?
Did tribes in northern Canada ever have contact with US tribes?
Why do cons spread political cancer?
I have an interest in my piano teacher?
Will my girlfriend be mad if she finds out that she's not my first girlfriend?
When I get my car repaired, how can I pay?
I need some advice from people who are knowledgeable about cars.?
People from NYC only?
I don't understand why I can't work part-time and be homeless?
Don't you think that the judgment of sexual abuse lawsuits against Jehovah's Witnesses is unfair?
Is Jesus gonna bash the atheists soon?
Can i drink my wife milk after delivery every night?
Can a woman tell if a man is a virgin?
Would you remarry if your husband died?
Why do we need an FBI to investigate Trump when we made ourselves crystal clear November 2016 presidential election?
Do you think when you die it’s just “ lights out” like turning off a computer?
Can I have my SSI payee in Virginia and have new York medicaid?I live in ny?
Do most people understand that there is a difference between fake violence on TV shows and in games and real life violence?
Poll:What is one of the rarer animals that you like?
How disappointed are Trumpsters tonight, over this, oh, let's call it what it really is, a big fat nothing burger?
Do you think I can build a legit case against my employer?
What are the risks of leaving a rubber band around ankle for more than 12 hours?
What did liberal, progressive, open minded, forward thinkers do hundreds of years ago when witches were burnt?
Is "Micah" a feminine, masculine, or unisex name?
What does the bible teach us about DNA coding?
Eric Swalwell (D) California calls Tucker Carlson a Russian agent Are Democrats ready to charge anyone who disagrees with them, with a crime?
When you give your own child a bath, what parts can you and can you not touch?
Would you have your partner rather die or let them cheat?
Will an air bubble in a nurse's needle kill a person?
Atheists, Which God is more cruel?? God of the bible(Jesus Father) Or God of the quran (Allah)?
Do you hate people with a big ego?
How bad is it to sleep with makeup on?
Do you know that eatin' less and sleepin' less can make your face look sharper and skinnier. please read the proofs?
What separates Trump and kids on internet forums claiming that?
What are the health benefits of eating insects?
Wait...did the FBI just Meddle In Our Election?
Can anyone explain to me Trump's new defense strategy? Please read below.?
How can I earn money online?
Wouldn't be nice if Christians kept their religious beliefs to themselves instead of trying to convince others to believe it?
Are you a dog lover?
Will President Trump resign before the next State of the Union?
As a Christian what makes you happy?
Would you rehome your dog in this situation?
Photo of a bloodied Richard Branson each day on Yahoo.Should we feel more sorry for a Billionaire at Carribean retreat than another person?
Should Trump make Nunez the FBI director?
Do you think it's ok for a parent to allow their high school aged child to pick out their own school shoes?
Is the sr-72 real?
Why are there people so retarded in this section that they can't use their brains to answer questions so they report them instead?
Why do liberals hate the fact that Trump is making America great again?
My boyfriend of 10years sees no fault in following dozens of naked models on Instagram. I’m comfortable in my skin but this is disrespectful?
Why is your dog so fake?
The US GOV does FAR MORE HARM then good. You agree?
Were today’s Conservatives hippies in the 60s and 70s?
1200.00 X 8.25 =?
Black vs dark gray car in the summer? Heat inside difference?
What do people mean when they call you big guy?
Husband is angry all the time at me, what do I do?
Will the bonuses that 3 million Americans received as a result of tax cuts be an annual thing?
I have no credit history. Where can i get a used car loan?
For how much would i qualify on a FHA loan?
Are you snowflakes upset that Hillary and Obama are being investigated they reopened hillary and obamas email crimes?
Harvard or Trump University? Which should I choose?
Why does American liberal hate Russian people so much?
Would you rob your own kids ..equity release?
How long has it been for you since you had sex?
Do you think the ‘90s was the best decade of the last millennium?
Do you have to watch South Park in order?
Does it say that God has regrets?
Let's say Bernie, Biden, Oprah run in 2020, who has more chances of defeating Trump?
What are your thoughts on this?
Why are people born in the 1900s still running the government?
Do Christians believe the whole Bible is relevant today like the Jehovah's Witnesses do?
Well, Hollywood is going to make good movies on the dark Trump Presidency. What would be some good titles?
How many degrees is it where you live?
Which side-long prog track should I listen to?
Pick your favorite brother/sister sibset?
Was latest episode of Trump Apprentice President really a big let down? The "Memo" by Nunez had nothing in it. Al Capone s safe had more?
Good sign?
Which of these current WWE superstars do you like better?
Are liberals TRIGGERED today?
What is the "Blockbuster Trivia" answer and other Radio Trivia answers for Thursday, February1, 2018?
District attorney dropping formal charge.. What does that mean.?
Why does the U.S. care so much about Israel? The U.S. gives Israel billions of dollars.?
I got with this girl and things were seemingly going well but then when she was leaving, I asked for her number and she denied me *details*?
Is a mirror a more accurate representation or is a photo?
Which branch should I join (U.S. military)? I'm having a hard time deciding which branch to join.?
Would you consider dating one of your sister's friend?
True or false, men who like weak pushover women are insecure themselves?
If the Nunes memo is nothing, then why did N. Pelosi and her toady Adam Schiff scream bloody murder about it?
GEICO Car Insurance company says they will not proceed with my insurance claim which is dependent upon contact with their insured owner.?
No chance without Trolls !!!?
Can I get out of a lease if it s been 1 year would it bad my credit?
Why is the earth flat?
If a Venus Fly trap was fed french fries and candy for a month, would it still survive?
Is the memo just more fake news from the rightists?
Aussies. How can we help Issac Hunt?
Why do you like or dislike the Guns N' Roses? 🌹?
Will Trump repeal the twenty second amendment (the one which has presidential term limits) and rule forever?
I have a medical question for medical insurance?
Are liberals excited that Droolin Joe Kennedy and Cryin Cory Booker are the young face of the Democratic Party?
Do you believe in Karma?
16yo smoking cigarettes?
Do you think they made med school too competitive?
I don't find women's bodies attractive AT ALL. In fact, I think they're, like, gross. Is this because I'm a straight woman, or is this weird?
Oooooh, bunya nuts! Does anyone have recipe ideas?
Have identity politics proven to be a failed strategy for democrats?
How easy is for straight women to have sex with women?
I have dreams of pancakes 24/7 and daydream about just them all day...What should I do?
Do you stay up at night worrying if your dandelions will bloom?
7x14 math problem?
Is it normal for a husband to be critical of their wife's weight and appearance?
When will christians in america stop saying that they are persecuted?
Is it really true that every single FBI agent and FBI official accused in the Nunez memo is a Republican?
Why is there a place in Perth called "Cockburn"?
What is the point in politics since many with liberals views act conservative and many with conservative views act liberal?
Would you be fine if CNN stopped airing news altogether and instead just played travel shows 24/7?
Is feminism all about provoking men until men retaliate?
Should I come clean to my parents about my anorexia?
What’s one of your strengths and what is one of your weaknesses?
What is your favorite budget whiskey?
Why are Schiff and the Democrats crapping their pants over the memo when they should be welcoming an investigation if they are innocent?
I’m scared that i’ll be homeless?
Poll: Do you thoroughly enjoy the taste of water?
As a christian, would you kill, steal and commit adultery if it weren't for the bible and its 10 easy-to-remember commandments?
In the UK why ain't people given long sentences?
Is it bad to text good morning to my crush every morning...?
Is The Joker right about Batman?
Men how many boners do you get a day ?
If MGTOW are really going their own way, then why do they gang up on women like piranhas on YouTube?
Did you ever walk in a hail storm without an umbrella or hood?
Was King George III a Conservative or Liberal?
Should we create an incentive to stop well-to-do 50 somethings from retiring to the sun?
Clinton and the DNC paid Fusion GPS $12 Million to push fake dossier to FBI, is that something like SWATing someone you don't like?
What is it called when you get surgery to change your face shape?
Crvena Zvezda ticket vs Arsenal?
Politics. Did it surprise you that liberals went into denial about the FISA memo?
If Antifa/Antitrump protestor block the roads, is it legal to pepper spray them?
If the House Memo is such a nothing burger, why did the Democrats and FBI fight so hard to prevent its release?
Why is God splendid, spectacular, impressive, striking, glorious, superb, majestic, awesome and awe-inspiring?
My seven year old daughter's dog died. She was heartbroken. I told her the dog was in doggie heaven. Did I do right?
What would world be like if islam die off?
I am moving to a major city for 4 weeks. Is it possible to find temporary / short term employment?
As long as Leftists continue to dislike Christians, I'll continue to dislike Muslims...?
How to stop having an oily face?
Can taking a shower make a person sick with the flu or a cold?
How do i get my tax info from a job I no longer work at?
Muslims, Do jihadists recognize usury as shadaq?
What breed is my dog?
I bought a nice 1983 Mercedes 300D Turbo, and my village police on behalf of my neighbors ruined it for my parents.?
What history movies would you like to see Hollywood make, but know will never happen?
Why is it so difficult to find among atheists who say "Atheists think for themselves", an atheist who doesn't parrot what other atheists say?
Why do people eat so much crap and junk food for the super bowl?
Have you ever entered another dimension?
Why do people say the following depressing phrases constantly ?
