What was your favorite Super Bowl commercial?
How upset are you about the results of the Super Bowl or are you happy?
I have a phone line so I can get dsl right?
BREAKING NEWS: The Trump stock market is crashing like it always crashes under Republicans, what are your thoughts?
Is there any substance known to man that can travel faster than the speed of light?
If you get fired for not showing up at work what happens if you sue?
When it comes to people you disagree with politically, do you hate them as a person as well?
Word for a person who thinks they're right when they're wrong?
Should america ban all immigration?
🍒 What's the most BORING movie you've ever seen?
Are most politicians "just in it for themselves"?
Do you like Rush Limbaugh?
Does anyone find it at all wrong that Trump hosted a Super Bowl party?
Can liberals at least admit that the economy is doing better under Trump and unemployment is down?
Why do liberals want to pay more taxes?
Why Did the Patriots Lose?
Now that Philadelphia Eagles are Super Bowl Champs , should they go to the White House to see Trump or no?
What kind of people bully autistic people?
Is a homeless, jobless white man living on the streets privileged?
Poll: Have you ever seen a pretty sunset?
Do Donald Trump's supporters blame the recent bear market on Donald Trump or just the bull market?
Was The Super Bowl Rigged????
Liverpool fans, how did you feel when the second penalty was awarded?
True or False; It's normal for the stock market to have a down-day like today?
This month is Trump's first fiscal year month. Isn't it kind of ironic his DOW tanked 1,500 points as soon as it was really his and not...?
Do you believe that a house can build itself?
My credit score sucks - 548. But I made $101,000 last year. Can I get a loan for a decent home?
Why do conservatives think communism and socialism are the same thing?
Which 1975 film is better: Jaws, or One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest?
Do you like being alone?
Is there anything wrong with wanting more money in one’s pockets?
What would a Civil War between republicans and democrats be like?
Which person told the most lies: Barack Obama, Bernie Sanders, Hillary Clinton, or Donald Trump?
How many millions of tax payer dollars have Democrats wasted on the phony Trump collusion investigation?
Another deadly train crash why did Obama let American infastructure rot while sending billions to nations that burn our flag?
Which US President inherited a mess with unemployment at 9.3 percent, then lowered it all the way down to 4.9 percent?
Coworker comments on what I wear according to the weather?
Creamy or crunchy peanut butter?
Survey: What TV game show was or is your favorite? With which host?
What are the chances my husband will get the job?
Do you believe that the stock markets are beginning to react to the Mueller investigation knowing the it's getting close to Trump?
Why do liberals think that communism is good?
So I bought my kid a toy that turned out to be defective and when I tried to exchange it, the store demanded to scan myID?
Name your favorite film from these following ten actors?
Survey: When you see someone fall do you help or do you laugh then help?
Do you agree with President Trump? Should the United States of America have a non-interventionist foreign policy ???
Which person is the best speaker: Barack Obama, Hillary Clinton, or Donald Trump?
Did you know that more people are killed yearly by balloons, than by pit bulls?
Why do libtards think I should have ANY sympathy for a woman who was born here illegally and has a job?
Should I make the purchase or pay off debt?
Hannity said that the Nunes memo (prior to its release) would make Watergate look like an insignificant blip. Was he right?
What happens if I just don't pull over for the police?
Do you agree? If you don't applaud the President at the SOTU, you are a traitor?
How would you sum yourself up as a person?
What proportion of benefit claimants are capable of work?
Can someone live off of $50,000 if they are alone.?
Is it illegal to go house to house raising money that you say will go somewhere important (fundraising, etc), then keep the money yourself?
So, Trumporrhoids, how's that 1100 point Dow plunge workin' out for ya?
Has there ever been a more exciting SuperBowl game in NFL history?
Should Collinsworth be disqualified from announcing any future Patriots games?
Now that the stock market has plunged 1000 points, is Trump to blame or does he only get praise for the good stuff?
In Alberta, 19 non licensed kid wants to borrow a vehicle...consequences if caught?
Can I use unreal credit card number for a survey price?
Is Valentines Day and expensive time for a man. So soon after Christmas as well.?
If Trump discovered a cure for cancer would CNN only report on the side affects?
Are Democrats mad that Trump won again?
Why is Antifa not considered a terrorist organization?
Is Trump the first President to applaud for himself durng the State of the Union address?
Told I’d be fired if I called in to work?
I am a landlord. My rent to own tenant wants his girlfriend off the lease. What do you suggest? They have been in the house for 5 months.?
Do you prefer grilled cheese, or pot roast?
Why is the FBI so corrupt?
Can we all be thankful there was no kneeling in the Super Bowl last nite to get cons triggered this morning?
Did you see that the Democrats were allowed to release their FAKE memo to rebuttal the REAL Republican memo?
Do I have grounds to sue this computer shop?
Should Donald John Trump Not be Not President?
Can someone please write an essay for me?
When will the NFL announce that Philly lost in the Electoral College?
Did Brady throw the game because he didn't want to see Trump?
Why didn't the Patriots just cheat to win the game last night? Like they usually do?
Is the stock market the economy?
Should I use my tax refund leisurely or pay credit card debt?
Is this a good way to speed on the highway without getting a ticket?
Should resumes still list skills, objectives or use bullets?
Poll: What’s the grossest part about the zoo?
Why do feminists try to explain to men what being a man is like?
For what reason should people who burn our flag not be detained, stripped of citizenship and givin 30 days to remove themselves from the US?
Why does trump feel the need to applaud himself all the time?
Agree or disagree: sadness equals ugliness?
True or False: An adult doesn’t have to respect a child, but a child must always respect adults, period?
Would you condone Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump for breaking the law?
What makes Donald Trump a good president?
What is a good middle name for the first name Leviticus?
Why does the government allow porn on the internet?
Why would the Obama Intelligence not tell the FISA Court that the Dossier was not verified?
Is the average lifespan of a brand new car about 100,000 miles when engine failure sets in?
Who are you pulling for in the Super Bowl?
What new legal things can a 17 year old do in the U.S that they could not do before turning this age?
Why is the stock market crashing after Republicans said it would go up, up, up, after the tax cut bill?
How do I confront my sister about her spending and lying problem?
Unable to obtain/verify ssn when applying for credit card?
Why do people think America means United States?
🍒 What's the best fruit that is red 🍒?
I'm white, should I expect it to be easy to talk my way out of a traffic ticket?
Why doesn’t the U.S. keep a president until they die like other countries do?
Do you think Donald Trump could win 48 out of 50 states in 2020?
Why don't conservatives need to have safe spaces?
Why is it so hard for Libtards to believe there are Mexican-Trump-supporters out there?
What's your FAVORITE baked dessert?
Why is it that most Americans don’t understand, when you raise taxes on corporations, prices go up?
Is this person's lying when his/her lips are moving?
Did America originally start as a prison colony before eventually defeating the British Empire (who were mostly German mercenaries)?
Are some Republicans retiring because they don't want history books to label them as traitors who supported treasonous Trump?
Donald Trump wins 70 visas for foreign workers at Mar-a-Lago. So why is he refusing to hire Americans?
My little brother's friend steals my things when I am away. How do I handle this?
Why was Hitler not assassinated during the Olympic games?
What happened to Obama’s stock market?
Idea number 2: Is this a good way to speed on the highway without getting a ticket.?
Someone purchased a plane ticket with my credit card?
Should Trump fire the entire FBI to prove his innocence?
Why are liberals so scared to let Jesus into their lives?
Is a crime really worse when perpetrated against a woman or a child than a man?
Will you vote for Michelle Obama if he runs for president in 2020 ??
If Gender can be a social construct, can Age be a social construct too?
Halley Grace or Halle Gracelyn? Which do you prefer?
Is there anything wrong with accepting unsolicited support of a foreign government?
How much do you think Trump is paying Nunes to discredit the DOJ so that Trump can fire Rosenstein and install a bootlicker as Deputy AG?
How come its mostly "male feminists" who are being accused of sexual misconduct?
Does Trump not care about the devastation a wall would create for wildlife on the border including over a dozen endangered species?
What do you think about a dog daycare creating their own organic food made out of protein and vegetables for the dogs?
If Trump colluded with Russia, then why hasn't Putin himself come forward with the proof to sink Trump?
Is it okay to have wet hair at a job interview?
Is it ok to sneak boys over to the family I am babysitting fors house?
Are Humans responsible for animals extinction?
Question for PRO-LIFERS: Should Abortion be a States' issue?
Is it safe to say that both teams played a great game and things didn't go right for the Patriots?
Why does my Computer keep crashing? Everytime i play games it turns off and i have to unplug it fron the power supply for it to boot up?
Stock market dropping... anyone bet that the very rich Democrats are behind it? anything to thwart Trump?
Trump’s CDC Director Steps Down After Tobacco Stock Scandal. Is there anyone in the Trump Administration that is not corrupt?
Bankruptcy Q?
(Mathematicians) Which branch of mathematics did you find difficult?
What would you do if you saw someone smoking coke?
How many illegals would Trump have to give amnesty to to piss off the Trump cult?
Do you think its possible to have a $40,000 house custom made if I ask a real estate agent? or do they only build more expensive houses?
I thought America left Britain to not be involved in Britain's problems. So why did America get involved in two of Britain's largest wars?
Why does MGTOW exist?
What is the best dessert to put whipped cream on top of?
Will Pres. Rump watch the Souper bowl?
Could you tell Obama quotes from Trump quotes?
Do liberals really care that Donald Trump mocked John McCain on being captured in Vietnam?
Racist and NAZI wore thin and Russian spy and Russian Bot are getting tire too. What are the Liberals going to call us next ?
How many years will Obama have to serve in a federal prison if he is found guilty of the information in the documents POTUS Donald Trump?
Should Devin Nunez be indicted for treason for his attempt to cover up Russian meddling with US elections?
Why do Republicans choose Russians over American Democrats?
Who won the Superbowl?
Do most people understand that there is a difference between fake violence on TV shows and in games and real life violence?
Is President Trump still taking credit for the stock market performance?
What can i do for my 18th birthday?
Democrats stand with Americans and the FBI, Republicans stand for Russians, how simple can the choice get?
Has D J Trump crossed a line by criticising the NHS?
Would you hug your parents?
How long until funeral takes place?
Can I be a 17 year old phlebotomist?
Underground rappers to listen to?
Why do liberals shoot themselves in the foot by advocating higher income taxes, estate taxes, and corporate taxes?
How do I stop believing in God?
How to convince family to get a cat ?
What do you think of this Anti-Death Penalty argument?
Will a male dog be able to have kids after being disexed for a few years?
Does Trump Realize He Wouldn't Even Be President If It Wasnt For The FBI?
Is it okay to let my daughter have sex at 16?
How come people that aren't American and have nothing to do with the US, complain about Trump?
Is Mitch McConnell a good man?
How bad do things have to get in California before the voters realize that the Democrats are hurting the state not helping it?
Did the Patriots THROW the Super Bowl?
What can I do to keep my winnings at the Casino?
Is my Trump voting neighbor losing all the money he made in January on the stock market an example of "winning"?
Would you be fine if CNN stopped airing news altogether and instead just played travel shows 24/7?
I have no credit history. Where can i get a used car loan?
Should Trump be impeached if the Patriots win the SuperBowl tonight?
What's the correct way of responding when someone says "thank you"?
What is your opinion of this segment from an article in The Atlantic?
Should the father who acted out in court have been fined?
Should americans be allowed to own weapons more powerful than a rifle?
Which beverage goes best with popcorn?
Whats a fast way to get or be rich for teenagers?
If you are in prison can you write a letter?
Lost gift card but have the receipt?
What are the supposed privileges given to males in the U.S. today?
Are you ok with the illegal aliens being in united states illegally?
Christians, my dad thinks Jesus was originally named Isa. Does this prove there was no Jesus?
Are parents like these normal?
S&P 500 falls 4.1 percent, worst decline since 2011. Who is to blame?
Is high school a waste of time?
What happened to the nothing burger memo cons said was going to be bigger than Watergate last week?
Why is it that so many overweight and non-athletic people?
Is it weird that I never really fought with my sister?
STOCK MARKET COLLAPSES. Did you PANIC SELL?
How long would it take to travel 70 at 55MPH?
Yahoo answers hacked?
Why do united states make illegal aliens feel they've done nothing wrong?
Have you ever experienced Stress ?
Why is China copying military weapons designed by other countries?
Do you tthink Nasa will really put humans on mars in the 2030s as they have planned?
Does anybody take neo nazis seriously?
Can I put clubs that I was never apart of on my resume?
Do you think the 5,500 people losing their jobs at Kleenex are celebrating Trump's "yuge tax cuts"?
How do I save money without a bank? I always spend my checks as soon as I get them. I’m 19, and make $520+ every Friday.?
So nice to have "the Super Bowl" over with, ("holidays" over with, MLK day over with and now "Super Dull" over with)? agree or not? why?
Is it true that today's liberals are just like the National Socialist workers party of 1930's Germany?
Is it Trump's fault that we might have another recession?
Does pinaepple belong on hamburgers?
Has racism gotten worse since D Trump has been president?
Can liberals be racist?
Does Donald Trump look orange or caucasian?
Is saying "What?" to a question you don't understand point-gaming?
Criticised for playing 5 a side football?
Why does the stock market suddenly hate Trump's economy? What's he been up to?
Can I live anywhere at 16 in ontario?
Cancellation of debt?
Given Trump's propensity for lying, should he take the fifth or would that look bad for him?
If humans are meant to eat meat then why do we cook and flavour it with plants to taste good?
Dems wouldn't stand at the sotu are they not in touch with America?
Is Obamacare proof that no matter how bad an entitlement is you can never get rid of it once it becomes law?
Will putting the interests of illegals over that of Americans,help the Democrats for the midterms?
How do we increase wealth?
Does riding a motorcycle really make you a badass?
Is there such a thing as a perfect circle?
Zax or Zee?
My sister died in December and my Mom is having a tough time. How do I help her to let it go and be happy again?
Fired from job that I started 4 weeks ago because I had to take the day off because my dad died?
If you disagree with Trump he says you are a traitor. Isn t that what a despot says in a third world country?
Trump put 1.4 Trillion dollars into circulation by taking it OUT of govt grubby-mitts. Can we shout out a big "Thank You"?
Car insurance?
Why do liberals think a picture of Papadopoulos and Trump at the same table is proof they’ve met when he is on the other end of the table?
Are you alone for the Super Bowl tonight?
Who do you think is going to win the Superbowl tonight? Eagles or Patriots?
Why did Donald cause a stock market crash today? It seems to be in the “hugely” category, yes?
My husband was in a car accident.?
Will my parents find out about this?
How can anyone look at this graph and argue that it shows no warming?
What do you call someone who despises you based on your appearance?
James Comey was not allowed to investigate Hillary in 2016 election so why is Robert Mueller allowed to investigate Trump in 2020 election?
Which side dish goes best with pizza in your opinion?
It's cold here today and I was trying to build a Snowman honouring your President Trump, but it was taking too long to hollow out the Head?
What is America's best city?
My girlfriend wants kids and a life with me which is fine but I told her as long and she wants to stay living with me at my parents sure?
Whats great about living in Australia?
Can a teenager write a good book?
What is like growing up Muslim?
Why won't Donald allow the Super Bowl to be shown in the White House?
Is our public education too blame for negroes not being able to speak proper English?
Are Donald and Melania the perfect love couple?
Someone accused me of 'mansplaining'. What exactly does this mean?
Are you comfortable with the Democrat Party using the power of government to spy on private citizens that they disagree with?
True or false: with all the money you spend on games, you couldve gotten yourself a high end gaming pc?
Can I transfer a hard drive to a new pc?
I lost 600 dollars on the stock market last week .how much money I had?
Does the U.S. govt charge illegals for travel expenses when they're deported or help them back home for free? If free, why are they griping?
Qustion for Tax experts?
Politically, is it impossible for the average person to make themselves a millionaire in a lifetime?
Are you getting PUMPED for the superbowl OR the olympics?
How long until you can get finance again after paying debts?
Is the Nunes Memo nothing but a conspiracy theory? What purpose does it serve?
What were you doing when Trump's Great Recession began?
Is Philadelphia a nice place to live?
Can I afford a 380k house if i make around 135,000, and have a 790 credit score and little debt?
Why hasn't anyone asked Hillary Clinton why she paid $10 million for Fake Russian dossier?
What can I have on pancakes?
Based on the following true facts how can anyone say trump is making the military stronger?
Dog Potty Training?
When did Trump receive his Purple Bonespur Award?
Why is it that every time there's another huge failure on Trump's watch, his supporters start asking Obama and Hillary questions on here?
Are adopted children considered real children?
Why are women so good at making sandwiches s?
Do you ever get frustrated when weight loss seems slow?
When pro football teams play away games, who is responsible to pay for their travel, room, and board?
Fox News had their minions screaming and celebrating the stock markets. Where are they today?
I wanna study abroad but i'm afraid of leaving my family?
What does "Pending Debit" Mean on a Credit Card?
Were the first 100 days of Donald Trump's presidency better than the first 100 days of Barack Obama's presidency?
Is Trump a crook?
Why do Japanese girls act all cute?
Why don't homeless people try to better themselves instead of mooching off of people?
If obesity is genetic, why there are almost no fat people in photographs from 19th century up to nineteen sixties?
Is Trump the most childlike President we've ever had?
In today's world is a 26 year old an adult and a youth?
Reporting my place of employment to labor department?
Why is President Trump trying to take credit for Obama's economy?
Why is our society so divided?
I have a strange desire to lie to people, take their money, and sexually abuse people with immunity. Should I be a televangelist?
Who did you THINK was your friend?
What is the basic state pension with 10 qualifying years?
Why do Americans do this?
Is it good idea to invest all your savings in oil companies.?
Has the United States of America ever had a more scholarly president than Donald Trump ??
For those who say they are for TRANSPARENCY...why are you so worried about them Memos being realeased then, or anything released?
Does most of the country (football fans) care about the Superbowl this year.?
I guess Trump isn't so great for the stock market after all, huh?
Are immigration laws mainly designed by governments to restrict & keep people living & working in their own country/on their own continent?
How much money is a credit card and how do i get it?
Is the housing crisis proof of overpopulation?
Democrats: If DACA were allowed to stay in the US, but lost voting rights for life, would you still want them?
How do I politely put a stop to an elderly neighbor who has been bringing me meals she cooks?
Why does advocating gender equality and non discrimination make me an anti-feminist and misogynist in the eyes of feminists?
If gays plan to force Christian bakers to provide wedding cakes against their will....?
How much money will Trump save on his taxes under his new law?
Did Donald Trump just set a presidential record today or what, biggest intra-day Dow drop in history, it was bigly?
What do you think of these names?
Liberals: Do you want me to pay more taxes than you as a CEO, when I worked two times harder than you to get here?
What do you put in your Tuna or Egg Salad??
Should i save up for retirement or will the government's old age money be enough?
If this Con Man-in-Chief is such a big booster of everything American (MAGA) why does he keep marrying Slavic women?
How do I get my sister to back off without upsetting her?
Is it unfair of me to be mad at my roommate for letting her friend stay until 1 AM on a night where I have an early class the next morning?
Fellow Frothing Trump Zealots: How did that pesky Obama manage to cause today’s stock market crash?
Is time travel real?
Does Islamist terrorism or far-right terrorism pose the greater threat to the UK?
Do people realize how often conservative answers and questions just disappear on yahoo? Just to let people know?
How to watch super bowl 2018 without cable!!?
Whats the point of being born if all we're going to do is suffer in life?
Democrats, why did you say the Nunes Memo shouldn't have been released but now say the Democrat Memo should?
What music did people listen on the radio before rock music?
Why do feminist get angry when it's mentioned that it's best for a man and wife to raise a family?
Is it normal to lose 5 pounds in 1 week?
What would you do if the world started to end?
So, Trump gave the biggest Tax cut ever to Corporations and the rich so why did people dump their stocks?
Is Devin Nunes now worse than Donald Trump?
Does Vladimir Putin have Trump by the pvssy? Why can't Trump get himself to criticize him?
Why is POTUS donald trump and Jared Kushner looking for investors from abroad rather than those closer to home to save the family business?
Call me crazy as a damm loony bird, but shouldn't Hillary be in prison by now?
Is Russell crow the greatest actor of all time?
Katniss Everdeen (The Hunger Games) vs Tris Prior (Divergent) vs Thomas (The Maze Runner)?
Why didn't the Fartriots just get some favorable ref calls to win the game like they usually do?
Why is Donald Trump making the stock market go down?
Now that we know cons were correct that the memo is bigger than Watergate when will we begin to impeach Obama?
In the old days, before the invention of toilet paper, did people in the West really wipe their butts with their hands?!?
Are there still any Democrats who wonder where all this LGBT, marijuana and anti-law enforcement stuff came from?
Does Donald Trump talk about himself in a proud or self-impressed way?
Why did a lot of people believe that Y2K was actually going to happen?
How will Robert Mueller investigation affect the midterm election in November?
Will Trump cancle the 2020 election and declare himself king?
Do u get a fine if u break glass to set the fire alarm off In a public building?
Which states whose electoral votes went to Trump in 2016 would have gone to Clinton instead, had the Russians not interfered?
Conservatives, what is your view on free healthcare and education system in Europe?
Liberals are sinking this boat with their excessive White guilt. I say we should deport them along with the ilegal immigrants?
My elderly dog urinated on her bed and coughs constantly , is this a sign that I should start considering putting her down?
Do women share equal rights and privileges with men in the U.S.?
Why do liberals always play the victim card and call anyone that disagrees with them a "bigot"?
My lack of confidence is ruining my life and my work prospects, help?
How do I explain to my 10 year old daughter that our dog will be euthanized soon?
Carter Page was in KNOWN and ADMITTED contact with Russian agents isn't in question, why wouldn't there be a FISA warrant monitoring that ?
Really bad exertion headaches when working out?
Why hasn't Donald Trump bragged about the stock market today?
What is your opinion on "White Savior Complex"?
How many of trumps staff are on the fbi terrorist list ? Politically?
Would Republicans rather the FBI was launching their 20th investigation on Hillary rather than pursuing their first investigation into Trump?
Suggest some movie's that are very long..?
How can I get my puppy to walk on a leash?
Do you always have to COOK a Cheesecake?
How can a illigal immigrant live in the usa for 30 years and not be legal?
Nixon said the Watergate investigation should stop after a year, Benghazi went on for years, so why should we stop Russia investigation now?
Need help! We are having a baby girl and we love the name Melinda. We just can’t think of a middle name.Something short that’ll flow.?
How much money are average Americans keeping in their paychecks because of the massive tax cuts?
CONS: How exactly is CNN more full of sh**t and "fake news" as corporate FOX News? How is FOX anymore honest?
If Mueller's investigation points not only to Trump but directly to Hillary and pursuing it costs another $20 million, should we fund that?
How do you pronounce the name Nina?
Why do most children raised in single motherhood households grow up to be such failures in life?
Website pictures copyright infringement but from another country?
Why do far right republicans tell me to get out of the US for criticizing Trump?
When will those "dreamers" finally be deported?
Another impressive result for Burnley, but do you think City will go on a poor or inconsistent run?
Why is my gaming laptop performing terribly?
As of Jan 20, 2018, we are now in the Trump economy. How's the stock market doing?
Is it easy to get a job as a travel agent in Honolulu, Hawaii?
No players kneeled last nite. Was that a nice consolation for being fed a big nothing burger by Trump for the SB party?
Coke vs Pepsi vs Dr Pepper Which do you like best You can pick more than one?
Always drained by 5 pm?
What happens if the front tire of a car is popped somehow while the car is going over 70+ mph?
Why do white antifa members exist?
Why do Authors keep writing when there's already too many books in the world?
Would you take the life of someone you love if they asked you to end their excruciating pain?
Why do some people buy coffee from Starbucks or Dunkin Donuts everyday? Isn't it very expensive?
Why isn’t the alt-right considered naziism?
I got a DUI. It has taken me a year and a half to finish a 3 month course so the court is very upset with me but have been understanding.?
When is it legal for a cop to search your car?
In what way did the Nunes memo reveal a scandal worse than Watergate? Didn't Trump say it would?
Do you feel offended when someone doesn't take your sarcasm too seriously?
Would you allow your 17 year old daughter to go live on a college campus that is 2 hours away from your house?
In America do men and women treat weight differently?
Do you think the patriots intentionally make their super bowls close just to make it exciting for their fans?
Trump took credit for the stock market going up. Will he take the blame for today's crash?
Earth rotates once on its axis approximately every 24 hrs. How many degrees does a point on the equator travel through in 1 hour & in 1 sec?
Is Trump even more corrupt than Nixon?
No call back!?
What is the answer to this Maths q.?
Would emancipation be a good option for me?
Why do you vote when it's essentially forcing your will onto other people through the government?
Who do you think will win the super bowl?
Is $60,000 a year good for a 24 year old?
Have you ever tried really hard to listen to someone but no matter what your mind still wandered?
What color were Indians?
What's something you like to do while listening to music?
The US has the most homeless and those in poverty ever in history. Who do you blame for the ever increasing poor?
Why are people in the International Space Station weightless?
Why is it that the overwhelming amount of scientists identify as atheist?
My child is frightened the FBI can illegally obtain a FISA Warrant against him and try to Ruin His Career someday...what should I do?
Agree or Disagree? the memo POTUS Donald Trump declassified proves that he deserved to win the Presidential election for 2 reason?
Why are Republicans, once the party of “law and order,” suddenly no longer interested in the rule of law now that Trump is in office?
Why there are way too many "clones" on mobile app games?
Pc wont work?
Why did Obama make the stock market crash?
What navy job should I choose?
Something is in my bedroom?
Trumps tweeted "The Memo totally vindicates Trump!" Does Trump know what "vindicates" means?
Will the govt ever release the truth about the Roswell crash?
The DOW has biggest drop in history, will Trump take credit for this or is this just Fake News again?
Why don't fat people just stop eating and go on a medically supervised fast where their body burns all of their stored fat?
Have climate change predictions been right or wrong so far?
WHAT IS MINUS 5 SQUARED?
Scientifically Can their be life after death?
Can my stepmom claim me and my daughter on her taxes?
Can illegally obtained evidence be used by the defence?
Are Cons boycotting the Superbowl and eagerly awaiting the XFL championship?
Liberals: Did you know that if Trump gets impeached that Mike Pence will immediately become President?
Why do Democrats seem like the "bad guys" and Republicans seem like the "good guys"?
Do you like this boy name?
If the Snowflakes in our nation's colleges are our future leaders, is it safe to say the future of this country does not look good?
If someone has the password to your online bank account can they take out money?
Should people only listen to the music their race makes?
Who isn’t your favorite Game of Thrones character and why?
Please help!!! I broke my brothers play station!!!!!!!!?
Is this the beginning of the Trump Recession? Will it be worse than the Bush Recession?
Do i need a visa to enter uk?
Is Drumpf going to take credit for the 2018 market crash?
Why does a rich person get to keep their money and keep the poor down?
I'm looking for a job, and all the jobs I'm finding they're tiring. Isn't there a job where you sit on a chair and the work comes to you?
Will I become fat without exercise one day?
I inherited $80k, what should I do with it?
I have many moles in my body does this means I’m gonna get cancer someday?
Forest for Link baby name?
Will Susan Rice be jailed for spying on Trump?
Reagan and Bush I increased our national debt by nearly SIX TIMES during their presidencies. This was after they savaged Carter for barely?
White people riot after Superbowl loss,no one mentions them as thugs?
What kind of punishment will Obama & Hillary get if or when they are convicted of repeating Richard Nixon's Watergate scandal?
All this Trump & Putin being BFF's and how many times have they even met? Like 4? 3? Do Trump-o-phobes really have absolutely nothing?
Would having a cup of coffee a day be considered an addiction?
Does America need a Trump Dynasty?
Has Trump's presidency positively affected your life so far? If so, how?
How do Liberals not see that anthem kneeling is disrespectful?
How do I transfer an app that has been deleted from the Play Store?
How to get rid of dark circles under eyes?
Who is to blame for today’s Stock market crash?
Why is sex so "available" in other countries?
Is it typical for a parent paying for a wedding to divulge the cost per plate to family members?
Superbowl: Will Trump invite the white players to the White House and snub the black athletes like Hitler did in the Olympics in the 30s?
Isn't Israel is such an evil country that you wish the Holocaust had been successful?
Cream or The Jimi Hendrix Experince? And why?
Is Palestine mention in the Bible?
What is your all time favourite horror remake？
Do you believe that the Nunes memo vindicates Trump?
Why do Republicans protect the rich even though most of them are poor and on welfare?
What is the one song is Best from Led Zeppelin ?
Am I normal?
Is 2 months long enough to decide if you want to marry someone?
Which girls name do you like better: Lindsay or Nina?
Is it possible to speak 4 languages?
Should Donald Trump be in every Super Bowl TV commercial?
Why do we have to compete with eachother rather than cooperate with eachother?
On the big day of the championship game for the NFL, which do you prefer to watch and why?
Groundhog Day for the Superbowl? My fear is...that the game will be New England down by 7 or less in the fourth quarter. Philly lets them?
Why is DOnald Trump crashing the Stock Markets today?
I will be traveling to Cape Town 15 Feb 2018, will I still have access to my e-mail?
Christians, how can we stop universal healthcare?
Why do people in America or Canada send their grandparents to nursing homes?
Curious. Those of you on both sides who have been manipulated into being outraged over a memo you’ve never read, have you ever once asked?
What will Democrats say about their 'memo' even before they see the memo?
Instead of affirmative action, why do we not stamp out racism where it may exist?
Did DOW get T R U M P E D today?
GOP: Are you going to tell Trump to #releasethememo?
My sister’s boyfriend died unexpectedly....how can I help her?
Why do crocodiles walk so gayly?
What do you assume is at the other side of a black hole?
What's wrong with the FBI having a political bias in favor of Democrats?
What's the most underrated game you've seen?
Can someone please advice if all these are compatible?
Is this it? Is this the stock market correction?
How far of a trip before one is paid travel time when i start my day from home in a company car? In LA in traffic im driving 2 hours.?
Does having a single parent make a child more likely to commit crimes and be a victim of assault?
Do you think fortnite is a good game?
Will Trump take credit for the stock market crash?
Does anyone know of a good traditional Japanese restaurant in San Francisco, California?
Does this sentence make sense?
The Falcons beat the Packers 44-21 in the 2016/2017 NFC Championship game?
Is the stock market stumble due at least in part to the Nunez memo?
Computer circuits and logic gates?
Football ...Did the Cleveland Brown's football 'players' still get paid their many $millions, even though they lost EVERY game this year?
Are there any decent gaming computers for under $200?
Trump has taken credit for the economy, is he responsible for the stock market dive?
How can I prove to immigration officers that my marriage is real if we got married the same year when we got into relationship?
Can an iPad replace my laptop??????
What exactly is a cool selena planet?
Officially, Obama's impact on the stock market ended Friday, January 26th when the Trump effect took over. Isn't that right, Dems?
Physical Science question:?
How much is the monthly service for the "NETGEAR R7500 200NAS nighthawk x4 Ultimate gaming router AC2350" ?
Is this a good buy for a gaming computer?
Why was the U.S. economy so terrible for 8 years under Hussein 0bama - America's Worst President?
Moving to Illinois? Good idea?
What's your predictions for the Rangers v Hibs game tomorrow?
Can you give me some Nintendo 3ds games?
Now that the Dow falls over 600 points as market ends worst week in two years, is it because of Trump or no?
Lake Chad is on my bucket list to visit. Is it safe to travel to Chad for an American right now.?
Would you uninstall a smartphone game if it had video ads?
Do they break copyright law? https://www.etsy.com/listing/536834601/game-of-thrones-cutting-boards-dinner-is?
What did Trump do today to cause the stock market to crash?
Dragon ball fighter Z should I sell it?
Please rate my PC build!?
Where is a good place to invest 200 - 500 dollars every two week pay period?
What do you all you Donnie Kool-Aid partiers say about "his" MAGA-nificent stock market now? Come on now start rolling out the excuses...LOL?
Dow plunges 1,175 -- worst point decline in history. How are Trump supporters trying to spin this one?
Should I keep trading in the stock market?
After eight years of consistent stock market gains, the markets have taken a sharp downturn. I blame Obama. Don't you?
Hey Cons...What's up with that Stock Market that Trump was owning?
Does the average person on here know why the stock markets are so important to so many people? Not just the rich?
The Stock Market is down over 600 points today. Why is Obama destroying the economy?
Swedish politician who was for Open Borders for refugees is Beheaded in the Congo...Why R these Open Border disciples so out of Touch?
Could Trump make an emergency call to the plunge protection team if the stock market keeps on viciously plunging?
Do you notice that after Davos, the democrats put out this false narative that Powell will raise interest rates four times instead of three?
Stock market went down big after release of FBI memo. Did Trump just kill the bull market he talked so much about in SOTU?
Why do Republicans keep claiming they've abolished the business cycle?
Is having sex with 17 guys at 18 a lot?
Insecure about the size of my penis for 21 year old male?
Why do some people buy coffee from Starbucks or Dunkin Donuts everyday? Isn't it very expensive?
Why isn’t the alt-right considered naziism?
I got a DUI. It has taken me a year and a half to finish a 3 month course so the court is very upset with me but have been understanding.?
When is it legal for a cop to search your car?
In what way did the Nunes memo reveal a scandal worse than Watergate? Didn't Trump say it would?
Do you feel offended when someone doesn't take your sarcasm too seriously?
Do you believe that Donald Trump is really a Christians, or do you think that people are just stupid enough to believe him?
Would you allow your 17 year old daughter to go live on a college campus that is 2 hours away from your house?
Will I go to hell or become nothingness after my death?
Is Trump even more corrupt than Nixon?
Do men also feel insecure about their looks?
What is the deference between arabs jews and europian jews why thy look deference while they are same race?
No call back!?
What is the answer to this Maths q.?
Would emancipation be a good option for me?
Why do you vote when it's essentially forcing your will onto other people through the government?
Who do you think will win the super bowl?
Is $60,000 a year good for a 24 year old?
Have you ever tried really hard to listen to someone but no matter what your mind still wandered?
2/5/18 Fox news 10 pm interview with Carter Page coming up. Are you interested .?
What color were Indians?
What's something you like to do while listening to music?
The US has the most homeless and those in poverty ever in history. Who do you blame for the ever increasing poor?
Why do christians say that everything has a cause, exept for god who was not caused but always was. It seems silly?
When is Trump finally going to reveal his infrastructure plan?
Why are people in the International Space Station weightless?
Why is it that the overwhelming amount of scientists identify as atheist?
My child is frightened the FBI can illegally obtain a FISA Warrant against him and try to Ruin His Career someday...what should I do?
Agree or Disagree? the memo POTUS Donald Trump declassified proves that he deserved to win the Presidential election for 2 reason?
Cream or The Jimi Hendrix Experince? And why?
Why are Republicans, once the party of “law and order,” suddenly no longer interested in the rule of law now that Trump is in office?
Is it true that story where JESUS say one without sin throw first stone, wasn't in fist copy of bible?
How come christians in America say that christianity is illegal in my country (China)?
Christopher Steels was a British Agent. I thought libs didn't like foreign agents interfering in our elections?
Why do so many people these days expect women to wait until they're 30 to have children?
Stock market dropping... anyone bet that the very rich Democrats are behind it? anything to thwart Trump?
In Alberta, 19 non licensed kid wants to borrow a vehicle...consequences if caught?
Which middle name is better?
Hello,Im 14 and Im in an arranged marriage(My fiancé is 17).I want to know if Ill ever learn to love him..or the best way to run away?
Something is in my bedroom?
Any Hindu's available to answer some questions for class?
Is there free will in heaven?
How long does it normally take for a marriage to begin having problems and issues after getting married?
Trumps tweeted "The Memo totally vindicates Trump!" Does Trump know what "vindicates" means?
Will the govt ever release the truth about the Roswell crash?
The DOW has biggest drop in history, will Trump take credit for this or is this just Fake News again?
Why don't fat people just stop eating and go on a medically supervised fast where their body burns all of their stored fat?
Have climate change predictions been right or wrong so far?
WHAT IS MINUS 5 SQUARED?
Scientifically Can their be life after death?
Why does the book of Genesis insinuate the stars were made AFTER the Earth was created?
Why do people think that Evoultion is real?
Can my stepmom claim me and my daughter on her taxes?
Can illegally obtained evidence be used by the defence?
Are Cons boycotting the Superbowl and eagerly awaiting the XFL championship?
Liberals: Did you know that if Trump gets impeached that Mike Pence will immediately become President?
Why do Democrats seem like the "bad guys" and Republicans seem like the "good guys"?
Do you like this boy name?
If the Snowflakes in our nation's colleges are our future leaders, is it safe to say the future of this country does not look good?
If someone has the password to your online bank account can they take out money?
Should people only listen to the music their race makes?
My boyfriend of 8 years told me he is not responsible to visit me everytime I ask him to. Has stopped talking to me. What should I do?
Is Drumpf going to take credit for the 2018 market crash?
Why does a rich person get to keep their money and keep the poor down?
I'm looking for a job, and all the jobs I'm finding they're tiring. Isn't there a job where you sit on a chair and the work comes to you?
What country would you most want to live in?
Will I become fat without exercise one day?
I inherited $80k, what should I do with it?
As a kid, did you ever drink anything 'straight out of the carton'?
Christians, How do you deal with difficult people in your life?
I have many moles in my body does this means I’m gonna get cancer someday?
Forest for Link baby name?
Why do people get thumbs up when they say they are Christians but I get thumbs down if I Rachael say I’m Christian?
Will Susan Rice be jailed for spying on Trump?
Reagan and Bush I increased our national debt by nearly SIX TIMES during their presidencies. This was after they savaged Carter for barely?
White people riot after Superbowl loss,no one mentions them as thugs?
What kind of punishment will Obama & Hillary get if or when they are convicted of repeating Richard Nixon's Watergate scandal?
Liverpool fans, how did you feel when the second penalty was awarded?
All this Trump & Putin being BFF's and how many times have they even met? Like 4? 3? Do Trump-o-phobes really have absolutely nothing?
Would having a cup of coffee a day be considered an addiction?
Does America need a Trump Dynasty?
Has Trump's presidency positively affected your life so far? If so, how?
How do Liberals not see that anthem kneeling is disrespectful?
Is it typical for a parent paying for a wedding to divulge the cost per plate to family members?
Are flesh like all of us humans sinned?
Superbowl: Will Trump invite the white players to the White House and snub the black athletes like Hitler did in the Olympics in the 30s?
Isn't Israel is such an evil country that you wish the Holocaust had been successful?
This month is Trump's first fiscal year month. Isn't it kind of ironic his DOW tanked 1,500 points as soon as it was really his and not...?
My brother is a drug addict who is 1 year sober. After a year will he most likely stay sober?
Colouring with crayons or interpretive dancing alone?
Is Palestine mention in the Bible?
What is your all time favourite horror remake？
Is President Trump still taking credit for the stock market performance?
Do you believe that the Nunes memo vindicates Trump?
Why was the King James Bible aaaaadoptedd?
Why do Republicans protect the rich even though most of them are poor and on welfare?
What is the one song is Best from Led Zeppelin ?
Was Jesus crucified on Friday and he resurrected on Sunday?
Why are random people worshipping Lord Krishna?
Am I normal?
What do you think of the UK?
Which girls name do you like better: Lindsay or Nina?
Why does God have no power over atheists?
Is it possible to speak 4 languages?
Should Donald Trump be in every Super Bowl TV commercial?
What's up with the devil, Christians? What's his job, and why has it changed so much throughout the Bible?
What would your life be like if you had a time machine?
Why do we have to compete with eachother rather than cooperate with eachother?
Christians, how can we stop universal healthcare?
Why did Jesus worship only the Father and why should we not follow in his footsteps?
Why do people in America or Canada send their grandparents to nursing homes?
Curious. Those of you on both sides who have been manipulated into being outraged over a memo you’ve never read, have you ever once asked?
What will Democrats say about their 'memo' even before they see the memo?
Instead of affirmative action, why do we not stamp out racism where it may exist?
What are the chances my husband will get the job?
Christians who accept the overwhelming evidence for evolution, did you know Jesus was a creationist? Why do you worship a science denier?
Did DOW get T R U M P E D today?
Why Jesus appointed just The Twelve Apostles, when He has tons of followers?
MY Boobs are too small?
The Girl I like Is staying Virgin? Forget her??
Do you generally fit into society?
Help, my husband and I fight everyday because of his parents?
GOP: Are you going to tell Trump to #releasethememo?
My sister’s boyfriend died unexpectedly....how can I help her?
Why do crocodiles walk so gayly?
What do you assume is at the other side of a black hole?
Christian creationists, what's your favorite anti-science website?
What's wrong with the FBI having a political bias in favor of Democrats?
How is this age gap in a relationship?
Am I allowed to record someone giving consent to sex?
Why does the Bible and Christianity continue to endure year after year after year?
Do landlords raise their rents to be what current market rates are?
Where to exchange coins for cash?
True/false. The worst think in life would be to end up with people who make you feel alone.?
If the Bible is correct, that we are all decended from Adam and Eve (and, I suppose Noah and Mrs. Noah), then who was the first atheist?
Have you ever swore at or hit a teacher?
Do atheists believe in the supernatural or are all atheist different and hold several different opinions possibly distant from one another?
Christian creationists, why Is evolution wrong?
Is Trump right to hate the FBI? After what Edgar Hoover turned it into, whether you agree w Trump or not, is he wise to not trust them?
Why do atheists say God have no morels?
Is nick foles a hall of famer?
Is there any political party that wants to protect its citizens, provide for the poor and disabled, and decriminalize weed?
Why do meteors only land on craters?
What is your opinion about vacuum cleaners?
If You Were Stranded On A Desert Island And Could Only Have 5 Classic Rock Albums To Listen 2 Which Would You Choose?
Why do some Christians present answers that do not have anything to do with the question?
Is immigrating to Norway difficult?
I’m a Christian girl and I’m attracted to both men and women. Do I still have a chance to make it into heaven?
Are atheists mad that the Philadelphia Eagles coach thank Jesus Christ for the Super Bowl victory?
Will the usa supplied missile that just shot down a russian aircraft over syria start world war 3?
What's with The Left and their obsession with nudity?
Do beta males deserve to be rejected for not trying to become an alpha male?
Why doesn't the United States apologize to Vietnam?
Since the former Leader of the American Nazi party is running for the GOP in Illinois is any reason, ANY REASON AT ALL to complain?
Has there ever been a more exciting SuperBowl game in NFL history?
Is it pretty bad that I spent $926 on food?
How to decode the cryptic language sometimes spoken here?
Why are Trump supporters ignoring the fact the Nunes memo clearly stated renewals requires a separate finding of probable cause?
Do Trump and his supporters really want to go on record that Cater Page was a member of Trump's campaign so when the FBI spied in Page they?
Should there be laws requiring US media to have labels "Read with discretion Fake News is foreign run & harmful to the stability of the US"?
My friend is selling a 2004 Chevy Impala , 280,000 miles. Is it worth it?
Agree or disagree: it’s bad for a woman to have her first child in her thirties?
When will the United States legalize weed?
Why do people hate a person if that person never did anything personally to you for you to hate them?
Why did God allow gay nightclub shooting in Orlando last year?
Survey: What TV game show was or is your favorite? With which host?
Are volcanos portals to hell?
Joint account?
I forgot to end my ATM transaction..help?
Why do atheists think the Earth is insignificant?
Why are liberals so upset that wages are rising and the economy just added 200,000 jobs in the month of January?
Is a bad memory a learning disability?
Atheist only if Christians were suddenly given authority over you to punish you in any way that they wanted to legally read details?
Can you damage your car engine by changing the oil at every 3,000 miles?
How is Donald Trump racist?
Why do Liberals not realize the Right side will inevitably win, no matter what?
If "No one comes to the Father except through Me" how is that not putting a god before Yahweh, something Christians are forbidden to do?
Can i start eating normally after 14 day fast?
What is something that makes you smile?
I'm starting to feel lonely in my marriage and it's becoming depressing. What should I do?
Is this a good way to speed on the highway without getting a ticket?
Why do false religions Say God Came in human form Such As ?
Should America elect a King or a Queen instead of a President?
How powerful are the resistance armies that are opposing trump?
Why did trump pardon criminals sheriff arpiago? Politically?
Do Liberals oppose the border wall because deep down they know it will work?
In a universe of countless trillions of solar systems why did God give this insignificant little planet so much special treatment?
Is the catholic faith biblical?
As Americans, how do you see christian arab people? especially those who are from Israel! want opinions please.?
What made the word “treason” come to Trump's mind? Does he dream about treason a lot?
I'm afraid of having a failed marriage. What advice can you give me?
What if there were new dog protection laws that stated that pet stores could only sell dogs or puppies acquired from animal shelters AND not?
Do Leftist men abuse their boyfriends?
Why do men think we can't have gender equality with these?
What do you think of a 40 year old single man that has no children?
Why do people hate philosophy?
Age 69, retired between social security and a pension I earn less than $18,000. Do I have to file?
Is it illegal to "get dirt on" a political opponent if that dirt comes from a foreigner?
Would having an abundance of money make you significantly happier?
We can't change the past the past is gone? The future hasn't happened yet? So live in the present? Christians and others?
Whose idea was it to create the Bible?
What's the point of anything at all?
Could it be said that Professor Ken Ham has much in common with Charles Darwin?
Agree or disagree: the more friends that a person has, the better?
When Jesus said, "No person comes to the Father(God) except through me", didn't he make clear there is only one way to heaven?
Is Trump Going To Take Credit For The Dow Losing Over 1000 Points This Week?
The death penalty should only be conducted only and only if there are no margin for error - agree or disagree?
What do you miss most about Obama?
In regards to gay marriage, why do the cons here always bring up penis cakes when that wasnt what the court case was about?
Is my neighbor a drug dealer or a white collar criminal of some sorts.?
Deregulation CAUSED the crash in 2008 and now Republicans are credting deregulation for the recovery?
My child is only 15-years-old. Her friend invited her to play a gig at an alcohol served dinner, should I let her go?
If a king and queen have fraternal twins one boy, one girl then who becomes the next heir to the throne?
Has anyone ever decided to move to another home not long after signing a new lease?
Do you think it's best to be average looking because no one bothers you that way?
MSNBC's Donny Deutsch told viewers "Trump is a dictator" and they should "start a violent revolution and overthrow him"- Is that illegal?
What weather site should I check?
Democrats are in a Fundraising Funk. What happened?
Was the immigration policy of the Barack Obama administration considered bad?
What is the best way to deal with anti gay Christians?
Is Yahoo Answers Politics an example of the swamp Trump was referring to?
Is my school breaking a law by recording our screens at home on personal computers?
Tom Brady vs Joe Montana vs Terry Bradshaw?
What to look for when buying a puppy?
Do you love a snow covered landscape?
Can a homeowner build a brick wall on a deadend easement/sidewalk that is not on their property?
How do I convince my dad that maybe the dossier is not 100 percent fake?
Are any of the kings mentioned in the bible mentioned in any known nonbiblical documents from surrounding nations?
What is the best type of fish to eat ?
Trump's approval rating up to 49 percent. Are Dems mad that he will be reelected?
If you ask intelligent questions, do you get more intelligent?
Should we ask future MIL to fund wedding?
Some people get hungry when they smell burgers cooking, do vegans get hungry when they smell a lawn being mowed?
Would Trump's motto be "Make America White again" instead of "Great again" in your Opinion ?
Do conservatives understand that investigating a crime is not itself a crime?
Spouse keeps threatening this?
Which would you enjoy more-- making $200,000 by working hard for it (aka Earning it), OR just inheriting $200,000?
Christians- will the moon actually turn blood red during armageddon, or will you settle for a lunar eclipse where it turns orange?
Will the Patriots be in Super Bowl 53?
Do you believe that your denomination is the one true Christianity, and the Christianity is the one true faith?
Is it bad to only shower twice a week?
Is it possible to be a Christian thief? Is it possible to be a Christian homosexual? Why or why not?
The whole Mueller investigation is based on lies paid for by Hillary Clinton.?
Should Mueller be investigated and prosecuted by a second special counsel?
Relationship question about Fiance?
Is the Potus evidence that you can fool enough of the people some of the time?
I want to ask a question.. I slept at the age of 14 And he was 28 is it classed as rape....?
Could I fake being 21 for Uber?
Do Philly Fans Deserve a SB Win?
Why do Christians put so much into this world and accept its desires if it belongs to Satan?
My daughter claimed herself on her taxes. I am now doing my taxes. Is there paperwork that needs to be filed to correct this?
Can democrats go bring their communism somewhere else?
True/false. Healthy people don't need excercise.?
Which city do you prefer LA or NYC?
How do you keep Spaghetti from sticking to the bottom of the pot ?
Suggest some movie which is longer than 3 hours or 4 hours?
Why is my generation so dumb?
Why is Trump so practiced in the language and customs of fascism?
Do you even like your coffee maker?
If you have to go to jail could you bring your laptop?
What would Earth be like if the sun was blue?
Is my Trump voting neighbor losing all the money he made in January on the stock market an example of "winning"?
Christians what do you think would have happened if Adam and Eve would have admitted their sin see details?
If the strong Obama economy lasted a year into Trump's presidency, how long will it take to recover from the Trump slump?
Why did Nunes claim Trump never met Pappa doc?
I hate my new carpet colour - what can I do?
Why do my eyes look tiny and ugly with high script lenses?
Should NASA make official light weight rosaries for astronauts to pray on in space?
When the Inspector General reports that he found no corruption at the FBI, will cons label him the enemy, too?
Why do people hate pedophiles so much?
Can you outgrow a friendship?
Where do I get the best disc sander?
How long has this been going on?
Does anyone know of a warm, welcoming christian church in Montreal?
Is world peace achievable?
Who else cant wait until we get to breakout our red Make America Great Again hats and beat the liberals again in 2020?
Why is it only white people who must open their borders up for every minority?
Are ribs superbowl food?
Are you ready for Poodle Workout?
Stocks took a major hit today. Thanks obama? Or is this now officially trumps economy. Monday January 29, 2018 was the start of his economy?
Tell something funny?
Where IN THE GOSPELS did Jesus teach anything other than Judaism based on love not legalism? Where IN THE GOSPELS did he teach Christianity?
Christians, if someone hit their mom & dad should be put to death?
If it intuitively seems like everything was created by some higher being, does that mean it definitely was?
Spelling suggestions for this name?
I what do u think bout California banning plastic straws?
Why didn't the FBI just get a survellance warrant for Trump himslef?
MLK Jr. "We were here before the pilgrims"?
Last night I got a Ticket for speeding the wrong way on the highway, while drunk and stoned wearing a Speedo and Sunglasses?
With porn nowadays being beamed straight into your pocket via mobile devices and the religious being inherently weak, is the devil winning?
Why do some people cling to hope for humanity?
Should've Dr. Larry Nassar been giving a logical prison sentence rather than 125 years?
Does predestination solve the assumption of the problem of evil?
Can a franchise sue me if...?
Has anyone read The End of Christianity by J. Loftus? Is it worth reading?
World war 2: when would have been the best time to intervene in order to stop the beginning of the war?
Does rape count as losing your virginity?
Does time go by faster when you think about it or not?
Do we need to fear the singularity? How long until it will occur?
If a person buys property that spans across two counties, will they have to pay county taxes twice?
STOCK MARKET COLLAPSES. Did you PANIC SELL?
How do you prepare for life when it comes to an end?
Is oral sex considered a sin by a majority of Christians?
Renting but would eventually want to buy?
Is stoning people to death a Christian idea or is it Judaism?
Why do people think Christianity is a religion?
Do you have a good understanding...or are you a religious Christian?
Do conservatives really believe Hillary and Obama are going to jail...?
Ex-GOP Official Who Accused Dems Of Voter Fraud Charged With Voter Fraud. Will this also be true with Trump calling Dems "treasonous"?
Acceptable for Christians to use profanity: OK?
Are all people who deny alpha and beta male system alpha males themselves?
Do any of the questions alarm you?
Why is R&S crawling with atheists preaching at believers that there is no God - why do they care so much?
Why do liberals expect us to believe their racist hatred of whites is somehow better than Nazi/KKK racist hatred of blacks?
Father in law put goldfish in one of the bowls i use to marinate chicken. want to toss bowl, but my wife says it's fine. sooo.. is it?
Can you get arrested for buying alcohol for people who are over 18 but not 21 yet?
Should i use shampoo everyday when i take a shower?
My friends Pit Bull attacked one of his owners and their cousin. Should they get rid of it?
Can I afford a dog with $800, after all my money responsibilities?
How many times a day do you shower?
Is the Violence Against Women Act gender neutral?
President Trump's approval rating jumps to FORTY-NINE PERCENT. How did that come about ?
Crossing a boundary with my friends?
Is 3 dogs too many for a single person?
Am I being Scammed? (Craigslist)?
Do you lose points if you answer a question and that question gets removed?
Why did Nancy Pelosi praise Obama for getting taxpayers $40 back, but continue to call $1000 "crumbs"?
Guns make society safer. Criminals don't rob gunshops for a reason. Because the people at the gunshops have guns. This makes them safe?
What happens if nasa brings water to mars?
Democrats ! Can you dispute any single fact reported in the Nunes memo?
Trump attacked Adam Schiff as Little Adam Schiff. This guy is insane. Can you Trump supporters work with us and impeach?!?
Are atheists brave for going against God, or just very naive?
Did bush do 9/11?
Was Nunes right? T'Rump never met Papadopoulos and all the pictures of them together are photoshopped? Otherwise nothing Nunes said is true?
Is a learning disability an intellectual disability?
Why do feminist hate attractive females so much to the point they attack their modeling jobs?
Is it illegal to drive an old car?
Trump is attacking Fbi and DOJ Leadership, all people he nominated, is he lashing out because Mueller will bring charges?
Why do some christians apparently believe that atheists are all marxists? Do they believe that atheism and marxism are the same thing?
What is beneficial about consuming french toast?
Do Citizens and Legal Aliens and Immigrants still have rights or is it only the illegal aliens the U.S. protects, now?
If we deported the liberals to Mexico, would Mexico take them or would they kick them out as ilegal immigrants?
What happens to the spirit in it if you chop a haunted doll in half?
People believe Trump is the truth.People believe Vishnu is the truth.People believed Hitler was the truth.People believe Jesus was the truth?
Have you been having mild headaches lately?
Why do false religions say Muhammad split the moon?
Alexya/Alexia or Jessica?
Do you think that people with criminal records should be forever stigmatized and barred from doing certain kinds of work?
Seriously, why would democrats defend Hilary paying $12Million$$$ for a FAKE dossier to spy on an American political opponent?
Since Cons are in charge of the Federal Government, why hasn’t the administration started legal proceedings against the Clinton campaign?
Will President Trump be able to make the FBI great again, and do it soon?
Do you agree that Mormons and Jehovah Witnesses are subordinate status groups which are on the fringe of society?
When a bank's vault is robbed, who suffers?
Do you think it's bad to be a half liberal half conservative?
Why are Republicans having trouble fundraising for 2018, Trump supporters have an extra dollar and change according to Speaker Ryan?
How much were your taxes cut this year? the average so far is about a dollar for the entire year?
Why are humans so attracted to Gods? Do we have a difficult time believing our life is the end of the road?
People that get 175 years in prison or 5 life sentences, what’s the point of sentencing people over a lifetime?
Why are liberals opposed to absolute american dominance of the entire globe?
What vehicles do people park on the street?
Will america vote for nazi republikkklans in nov?
Shall ALL USA government transactions be conducted in English ONLY?
Why can't black people come up with their own sports and stop playing white sports like basketball and football?
Why do libs think 'intelligence' is something you can learn in school?
Why does the stock market suddenly hate Trump's economy? What's he been up to?
Why do many atheists say that atheism is ONLY about the belief God does not exist when there are so many other beliefs which are attached?
People depend on Nature as much as nature depends on people?
How sad would it make my parents mad if I moved into the homeless shelter instead of getting a job?
Christians say that murder is bad, but killing is okay. Where in the bible is this distinction specified and explained?
White or purple tights?
So, like the Golden State Warriors are the Philadelphia Eagles going to be too busy to visit a racist, sexist, selfish 'president' this year?
How could anyone vote for the Republican Party when they support the terrible, awful country of Russia who wants to destroy our democracy?
What do the uncontacted tribes living deep in the Amazon jungle believe in?
Will adding water or club soda to Whisky make it less harmful to your health or will it make no difference?
Why isn't Satan being burned in hellfire since he had got kicked out of Heaven? Why do only humans suffer in hell?
We don't know what Mueller has found, but, if there is no evidence of Collusion, could it be because there is evidence of Obstruction?
Would you rent a room out to someone who doesn’t have a job, but gets $1,200 monthly for disability?
Are gay, lesbian, bi sexual, transsexual, cross dresser, child molester, and other simular groups of people actually mentally ill?
How come people on the dole can afford cider etc but not sanitary products?
Name one thing that you want to achieve by the end of this year?
Would You Wrestle God? Like Jacob Did?
To have a job do you need a drivers license?
Do you think Tom Brady will retire this year if he wins?
Flirting question for married people... HELP!?
Am I living in a world obsessed with big d*cks?
Do you have faith the Chiefs will win next year's Super Bowl?
What's your favorite clothing brand?
If athletes get athlete's foot, what do astronauts get?
Anyone else hate millennials and think they are the most worthless generation ever?
What signs do you feel aren't given enough credit?
What are your thoughts of USA DACA program?
Do people that make whisk brooms feel slightly inferior?
Does it matter which church I go to?
Do you like beetroot ?
What do you think of people that love everyone and everything?
What if there were no cheese?
Why talk about Christians and the gays, almost all my friends who oppose them do so for totally non-religious reasons.?
What is the most important thing in your life?💕?
Nazis--National Socialists--support Democrats, right? They're both socialists, right? So why is this Nazi a GOP nominee for Congress?
Poll: Where's the furthest you've lived away from your hometown?
Philadelphia Is About To Burn To The Ground, How Should Its Citizens Try To Survive This Calamity?
Why is it so easy to get addicted to a tv show?
Are atheists triggered the Eagles coach thanked Go for getting from high school football to winning the Super Bowl?
The Democrat party is all about Victimhood - Why would an Asian be a Democrat?
Why did God use his enormous talking dong to trick Adam into eating the apple?
Why didn't the Untied States attack the Germans earlier in WW2?
Saving Dogs Lives. What if there was a law in your city that stated if you get a dog or puppy from a shelter, that you have to get 2 pets.?
Is Trump going to declassify the Democratic memo that debunks Nunes?
If your husband takes your pics while you're sleeping would you fight with him or just laugh it out ?
Assume Hillary paid to have the dossier compiled. What does that have to do with the accuracy of the information IN the dossier?
If someone took away your chair, could you stand it?
After my mom gives the nursing home all her money and it is spent will medicaid pay for nursing home if she gets $1200 pension and $1.000?
There's a movie coming out called Samson. Why do they need to make a movie of one of the dumbest books in the Bible?
Oil Change place ruined my engine.?
Why do poor people have kids if they can't give their kids a decent life?
Does your dad drink a lot of beer?
Was Darren Osborne 'so sentence too long?
Happy Birthday Alice Cooper! What is your favorite song and album of his?
Why is California so liberal?
Why do atheists hate white people and Christians?
Girls: Would you rather wear PINK or Navy Blue?
Will liberals finally admit Hillary is a bad person.?
Which countries of this list are not so well known in the US?
What's wrong with using opposition research (paid for by Democrats) to get a FISA warrant against Republicans?
What is this?
Is Donald Trump joyous?
When was the peak in U.S. manufacturing to which we are now returning as America is being made great again?
Is the information given on Y@hoo Answers credible?
Should christianity be criminalized in the US?
Why don't atheists realize that Buddhists , Hindus also have their own perception of Hell, that it's not just Christians?
Would you mention Brexit at a Dinner Party?
If you went to someone's house and their walls were covered with mathematical equations what would you think?
ANY PROBLEMS SWITCHING FROM BULBS TO LED TAILLIGHTS?
The memo exonerates Trump, it is PROOF that there is NOTHING to the Mueller investigation except a plot against Trump?
Is Jesus gonna defeat the pope and the armies of the world?
Is Trumps entire campaign team being indicted, just another nothing Burger?
Why did Donald cause a stock market crash today? It seems to be in the “hugely” category, yes?
Why do most immigrants come to America?
Hello My car was towed by police today for no insurance and expired registration.?
What is logically wrong with the argument on here about the Empty Tomb?
Now that the Nunes Memo exposes the democrat party to be nothing more than a den of thieves, will the witch hunt on Trump end?
Can I some how protect a last name to prevent an ex step sibling from using it?
So the Nunes memo said the U.S goverment survailed carter Paige a Russian agent and papadopoulos triggered the investigation, what's wrong?
If two roommates rent an apartment, one neglects to pay rent, can the TENANT evict him? (without the Landlord interfering)?
What does / mean in math?
Atheists and Christians if you use the main tool of communism see the details?
Why does the moon not shine on the sun?
IS USING HAND WIPES ON YOUR FACE BAD?
What do you think of professor Germaine Greer's statement regarding transgender people?
Do you call people sir?
Do you not think there could be a creator?
My brother's life is ruined by chris hansen and his stupid tv show, can we sue him for that?
What are the scriptures where Jesus said you should fight those who hate you and take revenge when someone hits you by hitting back?
Do you feel ripped off you weren't born as a God with powers?
Is General Giap overrated?
Why are certain people always lined up at the ATM when the clock strikes midnight on the first of every month?
Who is your favorite ACTOR out of these?
Have atheists accounted for all the possible permutations of God's existence?
Are the Capitoline gods---Jupiter, Juno, and Minerva---the true Trinity?
Do you suffer from FOMO (fear of missing out)?
How does it look like to be after God's heart to my fellow Christians. Also what does that mean?
Describe yourself In One Word?
Does the Nunez Memo prove that the Mueller investigation is based on something untrue?
Should I not watch the Superbowl if those thugs disrespect my flag and veterans during the anthem?
Since President Trump has had no children out of wedlock is he not a great role model for practicing safe sex?
Why doesn't the US nationalize its oil and use the trillions for infrastructure and education?
If one prefers the argument of nurture in nature vs. nurture, then is that saying society is responsible for mass shooters?
Which church should I join? Temple of Set or The Order of Nine Angles?
Should liberals go off-the-grid this weekend to avoid the facts coming out this weekend about the Democrat Party corruption?
Why do so many people think of mixed breed dogs as trash?
I hate liberal identity politics. I also hate Muslims and leftists but that's not identity politics, right?
Hmm is there an easier way for donald trump to be impeached?
Are people who report questions all solid Trump supporters?
Im 13 and i was wondering is it normal to masterbaute or well touch your clit?
Do you think Trump actually read the whole Nunes memo?
So when you talk about people going to Hell but you don't help them what will God say to you?
𝓓𝓸𝓮𝓼 god exist?
Can crying make you sick?
Is Black Panther a racist movie?
Mechanic told me my tie rods were rusting and they need replaced, are they scamming me because I feel no play, no clinching or cracks?
Combing hair right before a haircut? Is this necessary?
Why is Alan Dershowitz (Democrat) not disputing the Nunes 'memo' as a pack of lies?
Why do Christians point to an empty tomb as proof that Jesus isn't dead? Give them the age of the tombs, wouldn't most of them be empty?
So this guy that I have been seeing for a while now, asked me to be exclusive with him.?
What is wrong exactly with having open borders with Mexico?
Will frozen chewing tobacco spit ruin car paint?
So I bought my kid a toy that turned out to be defective and when I tried to exchange it, the store demanded to scan myID?
What should i do?
Why do some people work less hard as they go older but some people just work hard no matter what age they get?
Can I take this car lot to court?
Should any American care that Fidel Castro's son committed suicide as a result of depression?
Breeder or shelter?
Why is everybody so obsessed with carrots?
If Trump survives all the troubles and comes out stronger, what will his next move be?
What are some options for getting a very inexpensive cell phone that I am only going to use to contact clients of my therapy practice?
Why are Christians playing victim when lgbt people gain rights?
Is this helping or hurting the Democrats?
Should liberals just register Republican?
Should I let my daughter cut her hair?
I'm currently a temp my boss came to me and told me to apply for an open position and that HR was waiting on my resume what does this mean?
Non-stop Hilarious Comedy Movies!?
He said he doesn’t want a relationship with me cause he can’t see me being his wife, yet we’ve had sex, does this mean I’m not good enough?
Is it better to be a Christian who doesn't believe God or be an Atheist?
What does the President mean by "we have ended the war on beautiful, clean coal"?
Who are your hero's?
Why do people like to be a slave of a higher power (if that exist)?
Did the Jewish holocaust victims do any sins that made God angry enough to permit the holocaust to happen?
Why was atheism is founded upon logical fallacies and why can't atheism survive without them? It seems like such a ridiculous foundation?
Aren't FBI agents allowed to have political opinions and talk about them to their girlfriends?
Is the use of "bitc" illegal?
First job in 6 years do I have to file last 6 year returns if I made no money?
Why do women let men to have so much hard time to approach to them when they have a mindset that men should approach to them first?
How could Dumbledore have been 150 if J.K Rowling wasn't born until 1965?
Why was FDR so racist?
Is Islam a race?
Trump says he is vindicated. Is there any reason for him to be, “he who protests too much”?
What does the term mean?
I don't know if my boyfriends abusive or it was just a one time thing? I don't know if he would do it again?
Do ever "step-in" when there is trouble about..?
Biblical evidence against pope infallibility(Orthodox only)?
Why not get in a ton of DEBT If you are terminally ill, have around 6 months left and is sent home to die with family?
Was 1964 early or middle 1960s?
Was my manager was right?
I lost 600 dollars on the stock market last week .how much money I had?
Where is trump's Wall?
Should Ronald Reagan or Donald Trump replace Benjamin Franklin on the U. S. $100 dollar bill?
Did Melania Trump forget which political party she belongs to?
Men: are small boobs attractive too?
Should Social Security be means-tested?
How to get child support flipped?
Am I a 2000s kid or a 2010s kid?
Do I have to pay for something after it was shipped to me (read details(?
What do you need to homeschool a child?
Fox News had their minions screaming and celebrating the stock markets. Where are they today?
I guess Trump isn't so great for the stock market after all, huh?
Do you feel safe in your city/town at night?
Are Liberals too stupid to exist if the state didn't prop them up?
Why is the Pope this week preaching against Jesus? Should we pray for the soul of the Pope?
Which economic improvements over the past year are a result of one of Trump’s policies?
Do you agree or disagree with Rachael Denhollander, the first woman to accuse USA Gymnastics team Dr. Nassar of sexual abuse, when she said?
Is fornication and also drinking alcohol a sin in Christianity?
Is it true the atheist calendar divides time into before fonzie jumped the shark and after fonzie jumped the shark?
What's the saddest thing that's happened to you?
Can a person name her daughter Fireball?
Do you agree that dinosaurs were made up by secular fake scientists?
My husband’s ex (never married) & him have a house that’s about to be foreclosed and sold. Do the rights to enter the property extend 2 me?
The FBI used a fake dossier to get FISA warrants. So what?
What do you do when you don’t know of a career path you should follow.?
Look like Donald Trump lost again. Whoops?
Should a soldier who has served our country, but was brought to the US as a child be deported or given the opportunity to become a citizen?
Is being gay a sin? Is it a sin to be gay?
Can i ask my ex girlfriend if she officially cheated on me?
Am I getting scammed? (Craigslist)?
Should it be a capital crime to vote for Trump in 2020?
Why did this guy say I was speaking nonsense when i said "Looks are genetic"?
Does anyone care that our president has spent 124 days at his resorts in his first year in office? and he is getting rich off of our taxes?
How will you celebrate if dreamers get deported?
Does the Nunes memo say the Steele dossier was the only information used to obtain the FISA warrant to survail Cater Page?
What purpose will people serve in heaven?
What month is early spring?
Should Collinsworth be disqualified from announcing any future Patriots games?
Did Rep. Joe Kennedy III help himself with SOTU comments?
Can US Immigration legally stop a US passport holder from entering the country?
What object do you just don't have room for in the place you live?
Why do adults watch Disney movies?
Why do Roman Catholics seem to have a more liberal attitude towards homosexuality compared to Protestants who seem to be "all or nothing"?
Is Trump an insecure little boy?
After years of being beaten up by right-wing Christian Media are there still any Christian liberals out there?
I like to think God, Jesus and angels watch over me. Do you?
Why do Republicans freak out and accuse Democrats of wanting socialism whenever a Democrat says we should have healthcare for all? It's not?
Why do certain users on this section block hordes of people? That isn't a very honest way or wanting answers?
My dog ate a cooked chicken bone?
Why did Pope Francis send our cats to hell?
Why do alot of newer cars have the fuel pump inside the gas tank? I would imagine this makes things much harder on the mechanics.?
So the military is going to let transgenders in but not people but not people with previous depression, anxiety or even broken bones?
102.5-102.7 fever for a 14 year old?
NEED HELP ASAP WALL STREET CRASH?
If a wall is not a good idea, then how do you keep out illegal immigrants from entering?
I need to get healthy and lose weight... but how?
True or false, people whose lives are messed up always love correcting people?
Do tv commercials annoy you?
Did you ever tried cocaine before?
Why do people go on about how 'annoying' Christian evangelists are, when in Islamic countries, you're forced to believe in Islam and have...?
I got a speeding ticket for 60 in 45. $200 ticket. How likely would I win in court.?
I need a fun title for my essay on an essay about animal rights and how zoos are bad.?
Motivation tips?
Is God man-made or is man God-made?
Agree or disagree: everyone gets body odor if they don’t shower daily?
If I own a third of a house how do I sell?
Does the Air Force pay to move me to base with my husband?
The Afterlife. Fact or Fiction ?
Was it appropriate for Comey to exonerate Hillary Clinton before doing any investigation?
Since liberals usually pride themselves on embracing society's 'victims', why aren't they embracing Trump, the victim of a biased FBI?
What Prem clubz would deez rappers manage and why?
If all your friends were fading away due to work and life and family and better friends would it be easy to cope?
What is that one ingredient that ruins every dish for you?
How do Christian parents explain the demigod Maui and the goddess Te Fiti from Disney's Moana to their children?
Can I use unreal credit card number for a survey price?
In an alternative universe where jeb bush won the primaries would he have been able to beat hillary?
Is it pretty bad that I've always been single on valentimes day?
Why does God send people to hell? Isn't 80 years on this ****hole planet punishment enough?
Can I put a lien on a property that my husband owns with his ex if it’s about to be foreclosed on and sold?
Do you look after any elderly relatives?
Do you think releasing the memo was a mistake?
How does your religion define and regulate sexual relations ?
My husband is bipolar. His mom lives in an assisted living. She wants to live with us. She refuse to listen to the nurse and doctors.?
I wanna join the navy but I got one question?
Are you watching FOX News? Holy Cow it sounds like the whole Democratic party is going to disintegrate.?
Donald Trump says that the NHS is terrible and quite frankly I agree, don't you?
Where is the runaway Global Warming?
Why do Liberals value style over substance?
Girlfriend lied to me twice in a span 5 months?
For Christians, the only answer is ________?
Doesn't firing James Comey look like a pretty solid move by the President now that we know what a rat Comey was?
Why did Jews choose to keep Barrabas instead of Jesus?
Do republicans get jealous when they find out someone has a pension?
Where are the boon docks?
Do galaxies hold eachother in position?
Christians who think God used evolution as a tool to indirectly create man is saying Genesis in the bible is a lie ? Right or wrong?
Nunes has said the 'memo' is only the beginning; there is more to come. What say you?
Can a Jew and a Christian live together?
So after a little more than a year of Trump, the US is not an apocalypse or utopia.?
I don’t fit in anywhere??
Can someone explain how some liberals think, I don't quite follow their thinking?
What has President Trump done about the opioid or flu epidemic to make sure lives are saved?
Is Trump wrong in releasing the FBI Memo, even though he was advised not to release it by FBI & Democrats or no?
I’m looking for the name of this movie?
Isn't it interesting how the DNC got all of their sheep to embrace and promote modern day McCarthyism?
Earth shape proof?
Who'd win in a show down of fictional characters, Yahweh (also known by the false name Jehovah) or the Flying Spaghetti Monster?
Did intermittent fasting help you shed pounds?
I don't feel good today. What should I do next?
Can I go to a 4 year university without community college?
Do you think that Trump is really a stable genius as he claims?
Is there evidence to support the hypothesis that religion can be eliminated from the human psyche?
Should I use my tax refund leisurely or pay credit card debt?
Why aren't the dems disputing the basic tenants of the just released FISA memo?
Why is it racist to reject multiculturalism and diversity in countries that are founded for and made by whites ?
Why do Protestants think that all Revelation is in the Bible?
Are you a dog lover?
When the Queen dies, would that be a good time to right-size the Royal Family?
My neighbor keeps slamming his door everyday?
Is the Bible True?
My older sister just had an abortion because she didn't want to get pregnant. should i feel bad for her?
Should I rehome my dog?
Can a degree be too old and become obsolete?
Car repair advice, dealing with mechanic shops, being charged for repairs who should pay? (Small business legal advice)?
If you have ever supported trump: To what extent do you speak, read, write any language other than English and how / where did you learn it?
How to report someone who illegally tells people he is a cop?
Are women allowed to perform exorcisms?
After Brexit.?
I’m 14 and not willing to live anymore?
Why did Hillary's campaign strategist not listen to Bill Clinton when he expressed concern that she should be campaigning in Wisconsin?
What are your favorite candies that do NOT contain any chocolate?
Is the situation surrounding the Nunez memo the biggest political scandal in American History?
Is it true that Jesus doesn't have a reflection when he looks in a mirror?
Will 2018 be 1928 all over again?
What's your favorite animal?
Cheez Its or Goldfish?
Is 990 dollars a lot of money?
Can I become pregnant if he ejaculated on my butt?
Would you like another transaction screen ATM? Plz help?
If Hillary funded a fake dossier and the FBI used it to start an investigation on Trump, would that be a crime?
What do these symptoms relate too?
Could I have sued the movie theater?
Is Trump like Robin Hood, taking money away from big government Democrats and giving it back to ordinary working people?
FISA-Gate... Have Rebuplicans mistaken Democrats for someone who cares?
Why do Middle East and Arabs Hate USA ?
How much my sss loan balance?
Favorite scene/line in Airplane (1980)?
Do you all want my autograph? I have asked a question that has got over 100 answers in a foreign category and is still trending?
Why Americans are so hypocrite about israel?
Is it possible to be a millionaire in 5 days?
Who else feels that the Democrats just might win the November elections?
Whats the best comeback you ve ever said to you re parents when they try to act smarter than you?
Christians. Christ was hated by the Pharisees because He challenged their doctrines of men. True?
Unisex names?
Does the Bible suggest that time is speeding up?
Breed of dog?
Need answer with Question about two people Claiming Dependants.?
Did Brady throw the game because he didn't want to see Trump?
Why do Italians have like a million different names for pasta?
How did world war 2 affect American life at home?
What do I say to my dad?
Biblical Creationists, have you ever conceded to the Evolutionists, about the Biblical Creation?
What are some jobs that don't require much thinking, just doing the same thing over and over? Do any of them pay well and aren't dangerous?
What is the most beautiful language?
Do you believe that the "Right To Try" Legislation benefits patients more or does it benefit drug companies more?
Adopted a pet was very specific with the shelter on what we need and now I think they lied?
America is in the process of becoming like brazil. A mainly Latin country with a few vestiges of White people. Do you realize this?
Which NFL team should I be a fan of?
Are there any brave women who have the heart to fight a man?
Is it right for a nation's leader to pronounce not showing approval and adoration for him as being treasonous acts?
Is Rose McGowan considered a legendary actress or is that a stretch?
My car was repossessed yesterday. I can't get it back because I can no longer afford it. What am I legally bound for?
How much benefits am I entitled to a year if I move from Ireland to England preferably the Manchester or Liverpool areas?
How do I treat mental illness without telling anyone?
What Is Your Favorite Led Zeppelin Songs Over 7 Minutes Long?
How to get a bigger tax refund?
Why are American voters so easily manipulated and played off their own hatred of each other for votes towards people in the pockets of?
Should the Govt. cut benefits & the foreign aid budget in order to fund a large-scale enlargement & modernisation of the Armed Forces?
What are your conservative values?
The patriots are the most conservative NFL Team and they cheat the most. What does this explain about conservatives?
What happened to all the questions in polls and surveys?
Has warren buffet,or bill gates ever filed for bankruptcy?
Will Eli Manning and the NY Giants be the only team that can say they beat the GOAT in the New England Patriots?
Why do religious people tend to automatically discount the idea of eternal oblivion?
Why didn't the Patriots just cheat to win the game last night? Like they usually do?
Does anyone know approximately how much it would cost to build a car completely from used and new parts?
How far is 382 meters?
Is the bible still relevant today? If so, in what ways, specifically?
Is the Dow Crash Trump's fault or Obama's fault?
Im a black guy and i want a blonde girlfriend just to piss off white guys. you think it will work?
How to get my confidence back after going through a hard time?
What causes the most conflict and disagreements in you marriage?
Is she good-looking?
Do feminist guys look for a girl that will dominate them in bed LOL?
Rank these classic movies favorite to least favorite!?
Which of these boys' name do you prefer?
Trump supporters, the great Colin Kaepernick Donates Final $10K, Completes Million Dollar Pledge to charities. What have you given?
What is a fast and easy dessert to do on a lazy night?
My child's school cafeteria is infested with flies and roaches. The school doesn't care. What should I do?
Patriots fans be like "at least we have 5 rings". "That's cute, we Giants have 8!"?😂?
I told my mom that I was raped?
Have you ever donated money to Wikipedia when they ask ? Or would you ?
How will you be saved from your sins against God and people? Who will forgive your sins?
How can I get away from an abusive father without leaving my mom out of my life?
Im 14 and my penis is much smaller than everyone elses my age, what should i do?
Have your opinion on the FBI and CIA changed?
Who is one person that you can not stand?
Liberals do realize that the last time the Dow had a worse Day that Obama was the President?
Aussies. What's going on with those two?
Where can you buy those ramps that can drive a vehicle onto to work underneath? how expensive and how good of idea?
Isn't Trump indirectly race baiting by trying to reiterate through the media that black unemployment is at an all time low because of him?
What do you drink more? Beer or Spirits and why?
Why dont some of the christians here realize the atheists are beyond repair and thus they can't repent?
If there's a God then why did he put my country Australia in the middle of nowhere?
Fellow Frothing Trump Zealots: How did that pesky Obama manage to cause today’s stock market crash?
When do you predict Avril Lavigne will release her new album? 😃?
Is Tom Brady drowning his sorrows in a bottle of booze right now?
Plunging markets, Republicans jumping ship, and a partisan memo that doesn't prove what they claimed. Why is this Administration such a mess?
How can Allah or God confusing people about Jesus Christ to died on the cross or not according to Islam and Christianity?
Is it wrong to ask my boyfriend to pay rent?
Should we thank God when we get the flu?
How do YOU pronounce data?
Voter Registration?
Hey Liberals when there is a shooter on a rampage, how do I defend myself?
Why do they design zero clearance motors? It’s a problem for every car maker.?
Is bitcoin better than stock market?
Was this wrong ?
What is something that you are good at?
What do you think will happen?
Is a good size for right now?
What is your LEAST FAVORITE passage in the Bible and WHY?
Does Antifa think DOnald Trump can't be racist because you need power to be racist and orange people don't have to power in the US?
Are the Paul brothers Logan and Jake going to hell?
Can you stay on your family s car insurance plan after you move out?
Why does fruit flavored yogurt only come in small single serving containers? I only see plain or vanilla in bigger containers.?
US Gift Tax Question?
Fill in the blank: Norse mythology, Greek mythology, Native American mythology, Christian [BLANK]?!?
What song/album brings you back to a time in your past?
Maxine Waters calls Trump a racist, but is seen hugging Jew Hater Louis Farrakhan. Why no liberal outrage?
Why Are Liberals refusing to support this immigration reform bill something they been asking for?
Severe toothache only when I bite down?
Are you kind of a celebrity yourself if you have celebrity friends 😂?
Name your favorite film from these following ten actors?
Tire pressure sensor light keeps going off?
Christians, do you really want to live forever?
Is the USA police the most efficient (fast to respond and act, & brave)?
If people understood many of those who try to help them free of charge have political and religious motive, they would be more truly free?
Is there any Conservatives that use to be Liberal, and if so, what convinced you to become a Conservative?
What was the funniest thing about Trump's SOTU address? Paul Ryan's loving gaze?
HELP!! I cheated on my girlfriend and she refuses to give me a second chance. What do I do?
Will Tom Brady play next season, or will the last play of his career be getting sacked and fumbling in the Super Bowl?
Why is Donald Trump making the stock market go down?
Have you ever ate halibut fish? And did you like it?
Why were Trump supporters rooting for Tom Brady?
Have we ever had a President with a better sense for fashion than Donald Trump?
Were you ever labeled as gifted and talented?
Why do Conservatives presume that Christ would still support their cause since he is not a Republican, but is clearly an Absolute Monarch?
I am eating right, exercising, and eating fiber one bars and I am still constipated.?
When suggesting a luncheon outing, how do you politely make it clear that it’s a suggestion and not an invitation?
"The Memo" indicated the FISA judge did not know Hillary paid for the document. But, does it matter to you that the court?
What is it called when an appellate court rejects a verdict?
Is a payment reference number your account number?
If I file for a Domestic Partnership with my fiancee, can I still get married in a Catholic Church?
Why were there recessions during the last 2 GOP administrations and economic growth during the last 2 Democratic ones?
How long before I can eat bland food with the stomach flu? Been on a liquid diet for almost 5 days! Can't eat anything without diarrhea.?
When your time comes, if he ask, "were you good to the people in your life?", will you lie?
Tell me your favorite plant-based meal?
If the US/NATO and the USSR/Warsaw Pact went to war in 1975, who would have won and why?
Did the planet Jupiter used to be a sun during the formation of our solar system?
What two feelings do you feel most often?
Agree with Hannity who says the FISA memo "makes Watergate look like a parking ticket" and "like stealing a snickers bar" (Watergate)?
Should Hulk Hogan run for President of the United States in 2020 instead of The Rock?
Is it okay to look at Playboy magazines as a teenager?
What is 10,839,704 rounded to the nearest whole number?
I accidentally reversed out of a parking spot with the emergency brake on. How much damage does this do?
I checked my testicles 5 times a day is this too much?
Is it okay to use my professors as references without asking?
What is the point in religion since whoever is in power they own the definitions?
How serious of a Roman Catholic are you?
Does the Left realize that those days when with a just a high school degree you could go to a big city and with a little luck land a job at?
What did I tell you? The Super Bowl was actually rigged.?
What age do people usually become cops?
If your friends cheats on their partner, would you still be their friend?
Would this be considered as sex?
How much money did the person have to start with?
What are good movies set in the 70's?
Why do Liberals wealth shame the one percenters?
Should men get free vasectomies?
Why was McCabe pressured to step down from his FBI post early?
Character name ideas?
Why was the giant Pyramid of the Sun allowed to be built to completion where it still stands today?
Are you all watching the superbowl?
Why is hip hop more popular than rock?
Can I use synthetic oil in a 1989 D150 after always using 10w-30? Or will it harm the engine?
Why do people on Yahoo think my anecdote is a lie?
Did the 12yr old schoolgirl who shot two classmates with a semiautomatic do so because she was a criminal or because she had access to a gun?
If you died today would you be happy with what you have done if you went to heaven?
Anyone else tired of the Jehovah’s Witnesses, spamming their website.?
Is the earth really spinning at thousands of mph and the sun is 93 million miles away?
How much do you know?
Now memo is out, how soon before Trump starts the Nixon Saturday Night massacre to kill any investigation into him?
Will the continuation and the coming expansion of the economy solve many of USA social problems including crime?
Is there a way to unassociate old phone number owners with yours?
Should women get free abortions in the case of rape?
If you fill your car up with gas how long can you ride before it runs out generally?
Even if they don't believe in global warming/climate change, shouldn't Trump supporters at least want to breathe cleaner air?
What is something you wanna do before death comes for you?
If Fox News did not exist, would Democrats and the FBI simply get away with what they do because no one would know?
Where can I see videos of Eagles fans/thugs burning down Philadelphia?
Why do libs think Trump is just president for attention?
Which is the best way to learn wisdom, is it by reflection, imitation or, experience? Or maybe something else?
When you ice skate, do you like to make figure 1's?
Do you like machines?
When is Trump going to do something to make abortion illegal?
Is there anything good.about working night shift, please givee one beaises the body clock disruption causes cancer due to no light for genes?
Your top 3 most delitious fruits?
What will happen if an investigation of the memo Trump Declassified shows that Obama did the same thing as Richard Nixon did during the?
Will God judge us for our deeds we will do while in the afterlife?
God doesn't owe the humans race anything. Right or Wrong ?
Why all english people are blonde with blue eyes?
Should I buy a knife to keep in my car for self protection? Why or why not?
Basic math question?
Is it good to eat spinach everyday?
Lost my drivers learners permit before transferring it to a new state?
What is sq root of 5?
Can landlord evict for untidy house in Texas?
Can the estate agent up the price of a home that we have had an offer on accepted and the mortgage application is currently in process?
Catholics, why are protestants wrong and evil. Protestants, why are Catholics wrong and evil?
Does an engineering degree have the same value as a gender studies degree?
My best friend enjoys to destroy my self esteem and she get mad when i feel self confidence...why does she act like this?
Will eating more fruits and vegetables make me sexier?
No more career politicians! Should we abolish the 22nd Amendment so Trump can be president for life?
While the Nazis are united in their hate of Donald Trump are these same democrats essentially divided on everything else?
Could Trump finally be impeached for releasing a tainted memo for political gain?
Is everyone ready for the whites rioting and burning in Philadelphia tonight?
Adult sharing room with younger sibling?
Why hasn't Donald Trump bragged about the stock market today?
Why are most landlords afraid to rent to section 8 tenants?
This is the 2nd time Trump goes on about something "totally vindicates" him (when it doesn't) Why is he so desperate?
Now that "Russia collusion" is a complete fail, what will the next libturd fantasy be to try and unseat our duly elected President?
In which ways are humans similar to animals in shape?
I made 4,000 income this year and only got back $169 on taxes does that seem right?
Would androids need Jesus?
Unable to obtain/verify ssn when applying for credit card?
Are there more black people than white people incarceration in the United States?
When I look into the eyes of certain Christians, it becomes obvious that there is no1home2day. Why can't they think for themselves?
As of Jan 20, 2018, we are now in the Trump economy. How's the stock market doing?
I am dating a strong christian woman that I really love. Do you think it would matter to her that I occasionally like to wear frilly?
Who else cant believe kylie jenner let a thug impregnate her? Wtf?
Is this relationship wrong?
Is $650-700 a week after taxes, health/dental insurance, and 401k deductions a decent salary?
I pretty much always accept the official version of tragedies since all else will be outshouted. But I have to wonder, especially in the...?
Why do liberals think people can change their gender? Are they that dumb?
If i adopt an animal in the zoo can i bring it home?
Do cons realize that by cheering the repeal of Obamacare, they will lose health insurance benefits as well?
Who are you pulling for in the Super Bowl?
Is it true Trey Gowdy will return to Washington as a Special Prosecutor to go after Mueller, Clinton, and Obama?
Should usa leave the united nations?
Why do African Americans rarely visit Africa?
Wealth is power OR wealth gives power?
Why is it now?
Why do some teens never go to parties?
As Christian, what are some important truths to live by taught in the Bible?
Do you believe in reaping what you sow?
Yahoo answers isn't a reliable source for information is it?
Is Donald Trump a womanizer?
Do Democrats think putting illegal aliens over Americans is a winning strategy for the midterms?
Since men and women are so sexually different, whats the point?
Do you ever worry about your electronic devices giving you a brain tumor?
What was there before God and where did God come from?
Will cons take their knee today during the anthem to shed light on an unfair criminal justice system?
Someone purchased a plane ticket with my credit card?
Who really wrote that bogus memo for Crazy Devin Nunes?
Why don't people stop complaining about kneeling NFL players?
Does everyone die even if its painful?
Would you consider Crazy Devin Nunes a traitor to America?
Is Donald Trump blaming the plunging markets on the kneeling football players?
Why do nice guys worry about what other's think of them?
Advice on multiple no insurance ticket situation? Need help asap!?
Was there any American Communists in the Past? And if so, were they Atheists?
Should tide pods be made illegal?
Should I tell his girlfriend he's been cheating on her?
What would happen to the news media in the United States for lying to, or withholding vital information from, their viewers and listeners?
Is God real?
The markets are plunging. Did Donald Trump plot it this way or is this just his incompetence as a President?
18 yr old son giving me trouble , what should i do?
R and S, are some ppl naturally modest? Or do they intentionally do it? Generally?
Which of these names would suite me best?
Is it true that Devin Nunes has never seen the FISA warrant applications regarding known Russian agent Carter Page?
Who do you prefer Lil Wyte or Paully Wally?
What's your opinion of American born citizens who can't speak English?
Is this a rude text message if you txt someone and there reply was this? "I'll text u about 9 Can't chat "?
Iam on SS and get about 30,000. between me and my wife. How much do i need to itemize my taxes?
Are you ready to take the #Patriot Challenge?
Is it considered cheating if I happen to be a professional porn star?
Nunes admitted he didn’t read the underlying intelligence he based his memo in. How can we believe the memo then?
Got the job but now ignored?
Frank can type a report in 3 hours and James takes 4 hours. How long will it take the two of them typing together?
Is the Guardian newspaper propaganda?
What would a person believe in if they were born near Clovis New Mexico.....circa 11,000BC?
Which team will win Super Bowl 52 and why?
Survey: Who do you think makes the best milkshakes fast-food wise? What flavor do you usually get?
I am 45, am I too old to get married* I never got married before?
If aliens landed on earth, and the first people they met happened to be christians....?
How in the world did Gerald Ford beat Ronald Reagan for the Republican nomination in 1976?
Will I get more fat if i eat 2000calories of fruits or 2000calories of sweets?
Find slope of the line 5x+3y=15?
Is it okay that I dress up as a woman and have random men have gay sex with my butt?
What are your thoughts on this?
Sabrina Cara or Sabrina Clara?
Did Jesus say that God honours those who serve God? And how does one serve God?
Deep inside are cons just pissed that they were fooled into electing another tricky dick?
HOw do i pray in Jewish .?
Who's at fault in this accident?
Are you brimming with good intentions?
How to Make a Pregnancy Look like an Accident?
All in life ..have their own thoughts and opinions..Expressing them comes naturally..and should harm none Agree or Disagree?
Donald Trump just launched an attack against the NHS saying it is "Broken and not working", how is he not wrong?
If Tom Brady wins his sixth Super Bowl, will he replace Jesus here in the United States?
How can an atheist be a "freethinker" if his brain is controlled by the fixed laws of chemistry and physics?
We come from the same father, Abraham. what does it mean?
What is right or wrong about modern feminism?
Don't you think tv only shows positive things? what about negative things?
How far can the Republicans push their misinformation campaign to protect Trump/Russia?
If Trump is such a genius, shouldn't he have done security check on Carter Page's Russian spy ring activity in 2015 before hiring him?
If the Democratic memo gets to POTUS’ desk, will he release it?
Is Melania Trump Roman Catholic?
What's considered as a sin in Christianity?
Some people complain that union dues are funding the Democratic party, but isn't that with merit..?
Why do men get so angry and offended by this?
Is pirated windows safe for bank transactions?
I am wanting to get a NEW bike really soon. I just want one for riding around town. What kind should I get. And what name brand is the best?
Do you think this was a scam?
Oooooh, bunya nuts! Does anyone have recipe ideas?
Why do most male mammals look strange and sinister compared to their female counterparts?
I got home late at night at 11pm and the our bedroom was locked.......?
Would you remarry if your husband died?
My boyfriend says he s not into valentines day and I got my hopes up now I m disappointed..?
True or false: If a job would pay you a lot but you wouldn't enjoy it then you wouldn't do the job?
Do you believe super bowl finally Fix?
Can i get the life insurance my mom took out on me?
What should happen to Clinton and the key DNC leaders who colluded and conspired to steal the 2016 election?
Why do liberals pretend that everybody in the FBI are these perfect Boy Scouts?
Why do feminists claim not to hate men when it's clear they do?
I am Californian. Can you explain something. The rest of America HATES California and wishes it would leave. BUT THEN?
Do you go to church, but don’t believe in god?
Poll: Is Panda Express the best Chinese food you can get in your area?
Are Democrats starting to panic now?
What are non human animals called?
What do you think of Russia?
Why does Carter Page grin all the time?
What happens if two roommates share a bathroom? I mean-- isn't it inconvenient when one has to use the bathroom when the other is showering?
Does a 2011 BMW have oil dip stick?
Do guys care about how a girls vagina looks?
Is there any uk legislation I can use to get around my school’s mobile phone policy?
Where have all these anon users come from?
Is it haram to say "*******" about gay people because it's offensive?
Is Trump mad that releasing the memo is basically backfiring?
Democrats ! Suppose Trump has the idea Mueller will indict him, so Trump fires the bunch. And just what will you or anybody do about that?
Do you think Donald Trump is a successful businessman?
Will insurance cover my car s damage?
Can you leave dirty dishes next to food about to be served in restaurants in TX? If not can someone show me specific rules/laws against it?
A stirling performance by manchester city yes or no?
Why are there no homes for sale in Los Angeles?
Why would president weaponized the IRS, FBI, CIA, Justice Department? Is this what constitutional democracy is all about?
What is your Favorite passage of the Bible, and WHY is it your favorite?
Why did Brady leave the field so fast, he didn't even congratulate Foles?
Who's done more harm, the right or the left?
What is the best way to store raw honey?
Why is it that Christians will tell you God's love is unconditional, then turn around and say the opposite?
Is my potential landlord denying me because of my service dog?
Do people say bullies are jealous just to make the victim feel better and comfortable within themselves?
Why did Mark Salling kill himself?
So the FBI colluded with Hillary and the DNC to fix the outcome of the Election and violate American Civil Rights. Is anyone surprised?
Feeling guilty about leaving husband?
Is the release of the Nunes memo not another attempt at obstruction of justice?
At what age do people completely move out?
A place where i can live on my own?
Am I gonna miss out on life?
Is there a reason why Trump refuses to release the counter memo? Does he not believe in public's right to know?
Am i the only one that has noticed this?
What should you do if your husband just told you quietly that he's finally discovered your darkest secret?
Clinton got dirt from Russians to frame Trump ....... does that sound like collusion?
Did Jesus remain obedient when he was on earth?
Poll: do you believe in Groundhog Day or do you think it’s ridiculous to predict 6 more weeks of winter or not?
Am I attracted to girls?
In your opinion, did the holocaust happen?
Are the Earth’s poles REALLY going to flip?
Alexia or Alexis?
Bankruptcy Q?
How many years of jail will Obama serve if he is found guilty of the information in the documents Trump declassified?
Town im moving to has a rule where you cant park on the street when it snows. But we have 6 cars and only 4 parking spots so idk what to do.?
How do I mail a package?
What's the purpose of fundies?
Will unbelievers be held accountable for their rejection of Jesus? Why or why not?
After the "investigation" has caused enough suspicion in voters' minds to vote anti-Republican in November, Mueller's job will be done. How?
Is Liberty University a good school?
If Democrats are sure that Russia intervened to help Trump in the election and hacked votes, why haven't they pushed for an election do over?
Are people who were born in California excited if they get a chance to visit new york?
Trump supporters - Be honest, are you consumed by the shame of voting for your orange God-king?
Is it easier for feminists to walk around without tops to prove they are more than sexual objects or explain why no women play in the NFL?
Can white guys look good with long hair?
Whats one thing you hate about trump? (Non trump supporters only)?
Is it true that sex for guys feels less good after age 25?
Is it wrong to reject someone because they are unattractive?
Now is seems Bannon will defy theHouse’s subpoena. What’s that all about?
Be honest, book worms: how many books to you read per month?
Could Trump give amnesty to millions of illegals and quadruple our national debt and not lose a single vote?
"People who have had the mumps are immune for life." -- doctors say.?
I like to stay up late and sing, what's a job that will let me do that without coming to work dead?
My 5 yr old daughter decided to slap me because I put her in time out for throwing a tantrum. Help?
If i fill my coolant reservoir tank all the way up will that cause the plastic reservoir cap to break off?
Do conservatives realize that everyone involved in the Russia investigation is a Republican?
Does Russia trade with north Korea?
Don't you agree with Democrats that we should do DACA, the wall and the budget in 3 separate pieces?
Do Christians think that the Father is the only God like Jesus does?
My mother died when I was 3 years old I was raised by my aunt, at my high school they call me a orphan but im not and it bothers me?
The Nunes Memo fizzled and failed. Is the only thing it established that Nunes is a nut job?
If God is LOVE and ALL MERCIFUL, why did he create an eternal Hell?
Tom Brady?
How come Dems are minimizing and claiming the Nunes memo is misleading but have yet to point to its 'inaccuracies' or mischaracterizations?
We are looking at buying a foreclosed mobile home in a trailer park with cash Our credit is not the best will we be approved by the park?
Question for adults 25+. 10 years ago, did you see this race war coming?
If write a bunch of bad stuff about Hillary and call it a "secret memo," will conservatives fall for it?
I was arrested af Sam's Club?
Do atheists believe in the pope?
Has Trump ever provided evidence for his claim that Obama had his campaign wiretapped or does he hope we'll forget about that?
Nealy 19 year old female no armpit hair?
Why are movies and books are so wrong about life?
If God is sovereign what makes you think you can tell him what to do?
What do you think of this situation and what should I do?
Why did Trump hire Page, Manafort, and Papadopoulos?
Christians: If God is all-powerful, could he choose to save someone outside of Christianity?
Is Trump a threat to national security?
Would you date a bartender?
I have stomach pain every time i eat a waffle or something with gluten. Should I get tested for gluten intolerance? It runs in my family?
Why would a guy have a girl as an enemy?
Should Rosenstein be fired and prosecuted?
Hi so i’m 14 years old and this man i’ve been talking to just told me he’s 24. i didn’t know this, i thought he was around my age.?
Living in an illegal room (NYC), about to stop paying rent ?
Does 2 half pints equal 1 pint?
I ran into an old friend at the store.?
Do you get offended when people thank God for something that you deserve the credit for?
My W-2 seems wrong, what do I do?
After life ?
IPhone or andrioid ?
Why did Democrats lie so badly about the memo?
Can the real land lord negotiate a new lease with the subtenant if the master tenant sublet illegally?
LGBT: Guess who I am.?
Is Animated Voice-Acting one of the best jobs in Entertainment?
Which 1972 album is better: Deep Purple's Machine Head, or David Bowie's Ziggy Stardust?
Can you have children after an abortion?
I shaved my bag and it started itching so I put lotion on my area. What do I do to stop the burning?
Should "Christian" pastors give their blessings to an abortion clinic? Why or why not? Are they actual Christians?
Why does my stepsister still bully me even though I'm much bigger than her now?
The Eagles just won the Super Bowl and Philadelphia is going wild. Where's a place I can make a quick escape to get away from the madness?
Poll: What do you think the meaning of life is?
A Co-Worker has been avoiding me because he owes me money, what can i do to get my money back?
Can 13 year olds listen to the band poison?
What do you think about Amtrak and it's long history of fatal accidents over the past few years?
Why are the southern states ranked so low in education?
Do Fundamentalists actually want a police state, or just ignorant about how politics really works?
What kind of underwear should a 13 1/2 year-old wear?
Should America get more Norwegian immigrants like Trump suggested?
Can someone explain to me why people who think a nice Jewish guy is the Son of God hate Jewish Folks?
What new legal things can a 17 year old do in the U.S that they could not do before turning this age?
Who recommended to Trump that Rosenstein be hired?
I have received a Notice of Collection Order for a parking fine I got at Tesco, what can I do? There isn't even an amount on the letter.?
Do the Deplorables know that Trump's magic has now turned that $1.50 into $1.33?
How to solve these simultaneous equations?
Are IPX4 earphones ok to wear in the shower?
If Trump won’t talk to Mueller with his lawyers there, would he rather talk to the Grand Jury without his lawyers?
Blue Oyster Cult vs Alice Cooper ?
What must anyone admit about the Resurrection? And let's use a non-believe historian's words?
Would liberals have a problem with every US citizen, 18 years old and older being allowed to carry a single shot firearm without a license?
Why are my Qs not showing up?
How come the liberal got very triggered by the simple question below?
How much you wanna bet Trump didn't even read this said memo he OK'd to be released?
How do I confront my sister about her spending and lying problem?
What do atheists think about Pastor Steve Anderson calling you gaytheist & fagnostic?
Who won the Superbowl?
Can a man and a woman actually romantically love each other?
Im in 11th Grade and my parents wont buy me an iPhone.They dont understand that I have to keep a ccheap shitty phone which will die soon?
Does having a background running a business automatically qualify you to hold a political office?
Are all "Loners" basically shy people..?
Which camera should I upgrade to?
Have you ever done something nice for a stranger?
Help! Dog Advice!?
Should we create an incentive to stop well-to-do 50 somethings from retiring to the sun?
If my car was totaled out...and the insurance claimed liability what will happen?
Is seamen vegan?
Did the patriots win?
Who will win the super bowl?
Is it equal to rape? I feel kind of raped by my boyfriend.?
Lawyers for a senior trump official say Muellers team is hinting they will indict trump for Obstruction of Justice, is trump freaked out?
Porn? Is it ok?
What is the average of 1,2,3.?
Why do people hate the activist group known as 'Britain First'?
If there is a God, why didn't he make earth's orbit a perfect circle?
Dose Leo men are the best husbands ?
Is it true that religion and science make people feel that they can "act like God"?
Are women with bodies like little boys considered to be attractive?
Can you name some other animals besides man that exhibit homosexual traits?
Help!!??? Will my cat come back?!?
Are you a star?
Where to find intellectual people ?
What do you do if a stranger tries to getting in your car while in stop light?
Whats a 1/3 of 144"?
Why is the new supervisor destroying our schedule and acting funny?
Any movie that is exactly as the book?
How have “manufacturers of illness” increase deaths caused tobacco?By alcohol? By toxic agents? By diet?
Why can't smart christians understand my point when i asked about the lord's omniscience?
What should I do?
Should I be embarresedto go back to my old job?
Which is more harder, finding intelligent extraterrestrials in space or finding a sweet, loving girlfriend on earth....?
If astrology and fortune-telling are indeed against Islam, then why do so many Muslims engage in them?
Why is my son s father allowed to pick up my child from school?
Why dispute the Sabbath: Pope Benedict in Jesus of Nazareth, quotes:?
Leftists: How come you claim to love our Constitution, yet you’re always trying to repeal the Second Amendment?
Are those who exclaim that “life isn’t fair” more likely to change their tune when they are negatively impacted by unfairness?
Trump took credit for the stock market going up. Will he take the blame for today's crash?
Trump thinks not clapping at his SOTU speech is treason. Should Trump use the army to enforce applause during his speech?
Why my Dog has lost 8 kg weight in 4 months?
Why does Pres. Vladimir Putin always remind me of world war 3...?
Isn't it apparent the Democratic Party cares more about illegal aliens than it does Americans?
How do adults, with or without children, feel about school dress codes?
Do you hate house chores?
Is rules for radicals a good book?
What food did they eat in harry potter?
Why can't women be more like women the way they used to?
What should i do?
My motorcycle started bugging out and i dont know why, any ideas?
Is this engine swap possible? Chevy corvair?
My dog ate cats poop?
Atheists, what is your opinion of REPUBLICAN voters?
Did the information in the memo Trump Declassified say that Obama did the same thing as Richard Nixon did during the Watergate Scandal?
ARE MY SOCIAL SECURITY PAYMENTS TAXABLE UNDER THE TRUMP TAX PLAN?
Why do some teens/children commit suicide without thinking about their loving parents?
Does taking a lot of money out of your account at once affect your credit score?
Americans, if stopping capital punishment prevented crime and murders, would you adopt a more liberal justice system?
The difference between the Obama and Trump economy is like night and day. Isn't this incredible?
Would you ride on a electric Harley-Davidson..?
Anyone know any short stories that are bout discovery?
Will Trump also take credit for The Dow crashing?
Can you lose weight by staying in a room full of steam?
Everybody knows God does not have a wife. But He does have a spiritual Son. How can the quran be right?
CONS: which is more ludicrous, the liberals here acting like legal scholars re the Nunes memo, or acting like Nobel economists re the market?
Will Real Madrid go on a spending spree this summer?
If I was born in 2005, do you consider me a 2000s kid or 2010s kid?
A.I. has traditionally been thought of as a special preserve of Science. Any Philosophy concerns ?
Military BF in the field, sporadic texting?
Was Tom Brady a Sore Loser For Not Shaking Hands With Nick Foles After the Super Bowl?
Rate the chances (out of ten) that Steele's Russian sources told him the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth?
If lot's wife became salt by turninq around, then why not became salt without turninq around since both sides of her are still skins?
Do you drive with your left or right foot?
Democrats! Misleading, concocted statements were used to address a FISA court judge, and thereby spy on innocent Americans for political?
Is 300 The Best Movie Ever?
Occasional high pitch squealing noise from car on take off which goes away after few seconds. Anybody know what the cause is?
Which of these in order is your favorite animation movie?
Do you think it is possible that you can teleport to another place by dreaming or is this just fiction?
My friend who we call Steve the butt pirate is scared to come out of the closet for fear his homophobic Christian father will murder him?
Is Tony Abbott the peoples preferred PM now that he wants to reduce immigration and use coal to give us cheap electricity ?
What’s the difference between a politician and a flying pig?
Do you read the preface and introduction to books?
Friends, for me truth is more sublime than lime,God is the only holy absolute sacred truth, u cant deny God's existence, your opinion?
How to know if soul swapping spell worked? Felt a bit different but not so much today so idk?
Which is the most boyish: Leo woman or libra woman?
When you get to heaven, do you get to keep the memories of people who didn't make it and are now being tortured for eternity?
Can Trump demote Roberts and appoint a more conservative justice?
My little brother's friend steals my things when I am away. How do I handle this?
Is abortion and guns the only two reason why christians vote republican?
Why was Hitler not assassinated during the Olympic games?
Can we move the Super Bowl to next week?
Is Everton really gonna get a new stadium?
If the "deep state" exists, penetrated US law enforcement, "liberal" media outlets, do right wingers trust Trump to declare dictatorship?
Is it worth going to see a doctor if my child has meningitis or can he get better just at home?
Is "the gop reading the warrant information then writing a memo about it" similar to what Nixon wanted to do with the tapes?
If my unpaid eviction from 3 years ago disappears off public record does that mean its off my rental history too?
Do you like being threatened when you go see a movie?
Did Buddha believe in the sin of sloth?
Why do the Democrats sent out emails that they need donations when one of their candidates is losing?
Are workers that make pretzel sticks, just really crappy pretzel makers?
What is the most durable drive type? HDD, SDD or SSHD?
Which name: Liam, Logan, or Levi?
I have a cat who likes to scratch the arms of my couch . Should I hold off right now on buying a new one?
Is a transgender woman a WoMan?
As a spiritual being, how does God accomplish all his physical works?
Have you ever been on holiday while you were at home? Be it through music or other meta-physical devices?
How do you get over the boredom that comes during the first week of sobriety?
Did man stop being real men when woman stop being a real woman? Don't you wish for the good old days?
What's it like to work at Yahoo now?
I have to give a speech tomorrow and I'm scared. ANY ADVICE?
Atheist, Is it possible for the mind and the heart to disagree?
What does it feel like to wear a dress?
My ex dumped me 4 days ago and now shes texting me. How should I react ?
For god so loved the world he wants to spend eternity with you worshipping him, while people that opted out are tortured?
Why is it that wherever there's minorities, there's a higher rate of crime? Why is it racist to acknowledge this?
Why will Hilary never be President?
When someone buy vegetables and ask the seller “what do you have that’s in season in these parts” what does it mean?
Is it normal to not come any ejucation when getting an orgasm ? ((Female))?
Have not had a boyfriend yet.. struggling please help.?
Why did Obama make the stock market crash?
If a man walks around a plaza everyday with the same car broke down story and asking for money, is it likely he's a professional panhandler?
Can you learn more about God and spirituality in Hindu scriptures like the Bhagavad Gita?
Does hating people means you are giving into Satans ways?
Can a 17 year old legally have sex with a 20 year old in Texas?
Is this the beginning of the Trump Recession? Will it be worse than the Bush Recession?
When will Hillary be held to account for her crimes?
Who is to blame for today’s Stock market crash?
Why do liberals have such a hard time relating to the fact that scientists are frauds if they're talking about things I don't agree with?
Don't you think the prophecies for the end days are very general?
Why do people join the military?
Am I wrong for believing in old fashioned principles?
Custodial account?
How does the Democrats think that protecting criminals helps them?
How can I register my dog and get the paperwork for free?
Do grammar experts have a lot of comma sense?
Whats to most creative, or ridiculous meal I can make?
Why do preachers make it sound as if you have to live a lackluster life?
Poll: Do you always bring home the pens and paper in your hotel room?
Stopping right next to a school bus illegsl?
Has the gullibility of Trump supporters surprised you?
What do women wear to a job interview?
Why do democrats demand instant citizenship for all illegals & tell those who waited & waited to come here,better luck next time.?
Mckenna or Kinlee for a girl...?
Why do people get angry and delete questions about the round earth myth?
This is how he dumped me, opinions?
Why do petulant liberal children throw out idiotic strawmen to 'help' science?
Name some hit songs from 1991?
Who watched the godless Superbowl and its commercials last night?
Right Headlight went out. I replaced both with 6k hid lights. Hid kit components are all brand new. Right headlight still didn’t turn on?
Do Christians still believe that mental illnesses are due to demon possession, or have they adopted the secular approach to mental illness?
Why is having a criminal record so bad when you can still have illegal jobs like hitman?
Why don't all Western first-world countries isolate third-world, Islamic, oppressive-to-women countries? Why don't they just do it?
Do you want grandchildren someday?
How about banning ALL promotional use of attractive women (and men)?
Has dark matter even been seen? (Astronomy)?
What to do on nights when you feel so damn stupid for losing the love of your life ?
Why is your dog so fake?
How much does a waiter on a cruise ship typically make annually?
Has Trump denounced the thugs that were rampant burning the city down and flipping cars over on the streets of Philly?
Would you rather live a bad life and go to Heaven? Or live a good life and go to Hell?
Is Trump a self made billionaire?
I keep hearing how "Mueller is getting close". Really? Close to WHAT, EXACTLY? How do you know? What evidence is there. O'Wait!!! It's okay2?
Did the witch of Endor really summon Samuel from the dead (1 Samuel 28:7-20)?
Do christians thiink that since there is no evidence that a god does not exist, that it therefore must exist?
Another rat jumping from the sinking ship, this time Trey Gowdy. Why is the GOP such a disaster?
Why is DOnald Trump crashing the Stock Markets today?
Why don’t socialists just go to North Korea and ask for political asylum?
Is my penis small?
What makes a person have class?
Should Trump Derangement Syndrome be terminal?
Was Trump's State of the Union Address the greatest speech in the history of the United States of America?
Would you rather have Aubameyang or Giroud AND Morata?
Is this it? Is this the stock market correction?
Why is the age you can legally have sex lower than the age you can legally get married?
The Mueller Witch Hunt has been exposed by the Nunes Memo to be fruit of the poisoned tree. Is it time for the impeach Trump crap to stop?
Moderate Democrats, Are there any Liberal media outlets that are not intentional liars?
Will Trump take credit for the stock market crash?
What personality disorders does Rosie Odonnell have?
Trump looks Russian because flat face, small eyes, small nose. Is this why people suspect he is Russian?
Right now, animal shelters have to euthanize many pets due the over crowding in the shelters. What if instead of euthanizing them, they?
Is it a good idea to file my tax return on turbotax instead of getting it done for you?
What type of drug tests do the army do, like blood test or hair etc?
Why would Obama get people's hopes up issuing so many non legally binding executive orders that Trump could simply undo when he took over?
Who still cheers for the Steelers?
How long should I wait to hear back after an interview?
Why do some conservative users on here attack me, just because I support multiculturalism and immigration?
Does the UN really have guileless that say even just staring at a woman constitutes sexual harassment?
Is Trump basically just a moderate democrat?
Can i wear a floral tie with a pin-striped shirt or would that look HORRIBLE?
Does making up elementary-school style nicknames for political opponents strengthen Conservatives' arguments?
If Trump came out and declared himself to actually BE the Easter Bunny, would Sarah Sanders try to explain what he meant?
How do we stop porn spam.?
Are Uruguayans white or mestizos?
How can I nurture myself?
Worried that i overdosed on iron yesterday.?
Why is there a misconception that communism doesn't allow personal property?
What act did witches commit that turned them from being unpopular people that were put to death read description?
Is it wrong to joke about someone who comitted suicide?
I want to buy a sedan class car. Which car should I buy?
What are the biggest scams going on in the world now?
Trump supporters criticized Obama for using teleprompters. Why don't they criticize Trump when he uses a teleprompter?
Having trouble with taxes?
What’s going on at Arsenal? Is Wenger really to blame? If so why do the board keep renewing his contract?
OK, so... I read the Nunes memo, and....?
What should you do if your husband just told you quietly that he's discovered your deepest, darkest secret?
Step by step, how do I get my biological brother to immigrate to the United States?
How do you get rid of mice? Quickly!?
On the top 29 list, which of these is your favorite movie to watch in honor of Black History Month in this decade (2010-Present)?
True / False: Is it true that when the door of happiness is closed another one opens, but many of us continue to look at the closed door?
I just found out that PUTIN stole a Super Bowl ring from an owner who was in Russia on Vacation. So who believes Putin is a nice guy now?
Is it wrong to want your first child to be a girl?
Who is the current day slave master?
Can a Catholic and an Orthodox get married?
Is the only way a network administrator can spy on your pc or phone is to install something on it?
Do you like the name Brent for a boy?
Why does the bible say human slavery is right? Is god against basic human rights as laid out by the United nations?
Isn't it a shame that most Catholics practice artificial contraception?
Poll: Primus or Mr. Bungle?
What’s one of your strengths and what is one of your weaknesses?
A Russian fighter jet has been shot down over Syria. Your thoughts?
Is Robert Mueller an American hero and patriot?
I often see God When I'm sleeping. What does this mean?
Would you rehome your dog in this situation?
Why does literally everyone have depression and anxiety nowadays?
What is your Favorite type of rice, AND WHY?
If Donald and Melania get a divorce, will Donald have to live in the Motel 6 across the street?
POLL: Should the halftime show be gladitaorial combat instead of whatever this year's popular pop star is?
Do you have to swear on a Bible to get elected into office in the US?
Wasn't this last week a great week for Trump and a miserable week for Democrats?
How can the Federal Bureau of Investigation be under investigation. Is Trump just trying to takeover the authority of the DOJ?
Is this one of the reasons the Americans won the Revolution?
When Jesus returns will all gays and lesbians be banished to hell and destroyed forever?
Girls, are you attracted to muscular guys?
Is it true that christianity is an amalgam of different beliefs and stories taken from other traditions and religions? It's a copycat faith?
Why do the Clintons need all those lawyers if they're competent. Both are lawyers?
Idea number 2: Is this a good way to speed on the highway without getting a ticket.?
Can we stop labelling the Left as "Liberals" and start labelling them as "Progressives" instead? Do you agree?
Should the NHS be privatised as it costs the taxpayer over £100 billion a year & privatising it would considerably increase our GDP?
If you knew someone found you unattractive because you heard it from your friends, would that stop you from approaching them for romance?
True/false. The world was created to develop our charactor.?
Why do people really gain weight?
Will I still loose weight if I eat normally and exercise regularly?
What is the difference between may be and might be?
Will universal healthcare cause a slippery slope of where the government exterminates its people, or is that just a right wing talking point?
Do expectations directly impact our interpretation of reality.?
What is meant by vows in a religious marriage service? (2 marks)?
Do you think in a time of Crisis like let's say a War of the Worlds style alien invasion is that a gen could promote a to six stars?
[Serious Question] Both the House & Senate passed Russia sanctions by overwhelming margins, so how can the White House just ignore it?
Can sharks climb the sides of boats?
Muslims, Do jihadists recognize usury as shadaq?
If you were to ask a question of yourself,what would it be?
Is Donald Trump can bring happiness and prosperous glory to humanity?
Do you have to watch South Park in order?
Fall of Roman Empire caused by 'contagion of homosexuality'?
James Comey said that the Steele Dossier was salacious and unverifiable. Why do stupid liberals keep believing it?
If you were suddenly a liberal man what would be the most difficult part of your life to adjust to?
Should I color my hair platinum blonde?
Can you not do more than you think you can?
What would the real, gentle Jesus think of killing an elephant?
Should gay marriage be outlawed?
Why does the christian god seem less believable for each year that goes by?
Why are women so fat?
Do you ever doubt your own age?
Can I legally own a fire truck and use it as daily a transport?
What would happen if I gave all my money to Jesus?
If Obama wanted to spy on the Trump campaign why did the FBI target Cater Page a month after he left the Trump campaign?
What if the Central Powers won World War One?
Rep Trey Gowdy (R-SC) said that there is no question Russia interfered with the US elections in 2016. Is he becoming a liberal?
Please help me. I need to work a maths question out. xsquared-9x+27=0 what is a factor of 27 but adds to get -9?
Can my Girlfriend and child go with me If I travel for the air force ?
Is it ok to be jealous when people laugh and have fun without you ?
Are the Russians going to influence the 2018 elections?
Wedding Advice! What to do?
When you play a song backwards, are there really hidden messages?
Are atheists stuck in the 00s? Isn’t it about time they evolved and moved on and progressed a little?
Could the FBI arrest Hillary for providing Fake News?
I voted for Trump. Am I smart?
Why are Republicans complaining about FBI and DOJ liberal bias when the leadership is mostly republican?
If Jewish religion is wrong = Catholic is wrong since it is based on jewish messiah, so islam and christianity = wrong so why not be jew?
Does employers send resumei and job applications to the irs?
Can anyone explain to me Trump's new defense strategy? Please read below.?
Only in America do we accept weather predictions from a rodent, but deny Climate Change evidence from Scientists. What are your thoughts?
Why do some people say "ask religions are the same", though it is obviously not true?
Is it unhealthy to keep the cat always inside the house?
Has Hillary Clinton issued democratic rebuttal on today's disputed Russia-probe memo released over FBI protest ?
Why does England have such bad food?
Why New Yorkers are loving people?
Theists, why do you deny FSM?
What's your ideal Valentine's Day or gift?
Can of whipped cream or can of cheese?
Why do I always touch hair?
Which anthem has the best, most beautiful melody...?
What do you think about the EU?
Is the NFL a team sport or a single player sport?
If you were a child star would you be a messed up adult?
What is a spirit? How many spirits exist?
Question what is dog?
The MEMO (and FOX) say Christopher Steele was fired by the FBI. Simple question: How could the FBI fire a person who does not work for them?
Why is it so difficult for Republicans to understand that a portion of the people serving life in prison would never re-offend if released?
Can you turn your brain off and not have any thoughts for 60 seconds?
Is there something bad about doing potatoes in the microwave":?
Do white people owe black people reparations for putting them through 500 years of colonialism, slavery, and oppression?
